Timothy Sackton: Let us.
Timothy Sackton: Go pretty sure sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, so.
Timothy Sackton: Let us return to toggle far as the morning sun beats down on the outskirts of the lock and monastery as you emerge from the depths of darkness of the tunnels and elven ruins underground to the hot dry as.
Timothy Sackton: Well, to the West beyond the avanti mountains, the monsoon rains must have already begun, bringing life to the dry land here on the high plateau in the shadow of these new mountains, it may yet be weeks until the reins and the land is parched and Dr.
Timothy Sackton: As July begins, it has now been over a month since you killed a goddess mother and chuck coons wellspring and rescued Center and her daughter from.
Timothy Sackton: aka does masha machinations after dealing with the aftermath and father those events, he left caraway about 12 days adele.
Timothy Sackton: parting ways with the stone barns record to come to Tokyo in search of knowledge about last god's right the actions of the mistyped beach Mon, the blasted plans 30 years ago and more.
Timothy Sackton: You arrived at the monastery of laca yesterday, where kenza trained for many years and learn that aid was needed and recovering some extra planner energy from the oven ruins below the monastery for the power of the plane of wild nature are boring leaks through to the material plane.
Timothy Sackton: Only a couple of hours ago, immediately after breakfast bossy the head artists and who works with and creates items with this magical energy lead you to the tunnel to the buried often ruins below.
Timothy Sackton: After making your way past glowing SLIME and uses during which wellbeing seeker had memories stolen from them.
Timothy Sackton: You arrived at the portal Chamber giant where i'm like creature, full of all consuming hungry waited here.
Timothy Sackton: After learning that all at wanted was a good meal well be distracted it with God as obsidian fly before secret temporarily transformed it into our regular safe earthworm so you could complete your mission and get out.
Timothy Sackton: Now, after being on the bar doors for a moment you emerge into the bright sun of the mid morning bossy eagerly awaiting for news and just as a note.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be and secret you still have minus one before and all liability checks and attack roles until your next long rest.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you still have hacks op care um and many of your kenza your staff is basically.
Timothy Sackton: Based and essentially gone eaten by acid away piece of wood and secret your Armor is partially crowded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so we got to go shopping.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Staff TIM I need a magic quarter stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I need.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of magic items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, but I need I need like a staff from like the tree of life, like that's what I wanted, I want to living staff that I can like plug into forests and like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, communicate with them like i'm gonna i'm going to stack left a staff made from this from like the tree in the Center pilgrim.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes, a giant.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: that's gonna be my all.
Right leave.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: boss, who is standing eagerly waiting, as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you exit the.
Timothy Sackton: The ruins well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't show we show them the vials.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, excellent excellent.
Timothy Sackton: I am pleased kenza you have.
Timothy Sackton: really shown your worth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: basu these were very difficult to get and we are all in some pretty serious pain, right now, you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: were not fully prepared for the what the horrors that we're going to be inside that dungeon.
Timothy Sackton: Did you not speak to cassie.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No oh.
Timothy Sackton: She had a map.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): down and left.
Timothy Sackton: we're going to go talk to her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean we were, but after we didn't know that there was an order that we should be doing these things.
Timothy Sackton: I just assumed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: loss is useful information for next time you know, give us give us the complete story and low.
Timothy Sackton: Come come come to my workshop i'll make it up to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay now.
Timothy Sackton: Let me show you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we're very glad to have helped.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, says he.
Timothy Sackton: turns and starts walking up the hill a little bit towards so like behind the main monastery building there's this like a cluster of buildings and he leads you into the into the largest one which is this like.
Timothy Sackton: It looks a little bit like a leather working shop but it's like incomplete chaos everything's disorganized.
Timothy Sackton: there's like a you know, a pile piles of like tea cups that are you know weeks old probably stacked on on the desk and just kind of pushes some things away and it's like cradling the vials carefully and he puts them down, he says.
Timothy Sackton: And then he turns around and there's like a like a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Like a drafting board kind of thing with them with just with chalk, that you can you can sketch on it's got you know bunch of like backpacks and and backs and various leather items containers of various sorts and in.
Timothy Sackton: Different.
Timothy Sackton: stages of construction.
Timothy Sackton: So what would you like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a great question basu well, maybe i'll start and my companions can can fill out any other details but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, for the past number of months we've managed to acquire some pretty interesting objects that we'd like to keep safe and keep curious and prying eyes and hands away from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On, and again I know this is part of your speciality is creating such objects that may be able to assist in concealing some some of the some of these types.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of these types now our challenge, I believe, is there a couple of pretty big objects that we would like to be able to conceal on I mean I don't know exactly what, what are the dimensions of the mirrors TIM.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see, I have to look back at my notes, which one is which, but one of them is is like the sort of size of a modern ish wall mirror right so it's like.
Timothy Sackton: So the.
Timothy Sackton: biceps beat the other one is smaller, more compact, but very heavy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so basically it's described the dimensions and the weight of the two objects and be like these are, these are the two big ones that we would like to figure out how to conceal if we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've been lugging them around with us, and it is not practical and so having something that we could conceal these in would be very useful but uh but i'll let Mike you know for the combat companions if you guys have other distributors are other things that you would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like to add or.
Eric Rosenbaum: A number of small items of higher value.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: Small precious things that we like to store.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I think to you know if there were the ability to somehow on you know because we recognize that some of the larger larger items that were describing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If they're in the mix with some of these smaller items, you know if we have some potions or other things in there is there an easy way to organize a retrieve the items that we would like you know in in combat or battle it's all with I don't know if you have other thoughts on this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or the other parameters.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: The challenge you see is that the bigger the space.
Timothy Sackton: The harder, it is to find anything in it.
Timothy Sackton: Now I could make you.
Timothy Sackton: and start sketching in chalk and is drafting board as.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it could be, if you want really have made chests draws a chest that has Oh, where the bottom is that goes down and feet.
Timothy Sackton: can be as deep as you want even can lock the chest, but it can hold.
Timothy Sackton: Hundreds of pounds be 1000 pounds of stuff.
Timothy Sackton: might be big enough for what you're talking about, but of course it's a little bit hard to get at and not maybe as portable is you're looking for.
Timothy Sackton: I could.
Timothy Sackton: I could just take the material I would use to make the bottom of one of these chests.
Timothy Sackton: Work it into a.
Timothy Sackton: handkerchief for up a letter rolled up leather.
Timothy Sackton: Anything really.
Timothy Sackton: A book come on a coke a hole that you can carry around that unfolds needs to be something flexible because it needs to fall.
Timothy Sackton: usually do those as.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: When our skins that you would wrap around a painting or something can.
Timothy Sackton: turn into this material or handkerchief is fine, two.
Timothy Sackton: backpacks, of course, but it's hard to make one that so that would hold something of the dimensions that you described that's a challenge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can they fold like a map.
Timothy Sackton: And the.
Timothy Sackton: backpacks fold.
Eric Rosenbaum: The material, the whole.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sure that can fold up as small as you'd like.
Timothy Sackton: Just unfold stick at that and.
Timothy Sackton: could even.
Timothy Sackton: any sort of start sketching i've.
Timothy Sackton: made before a.
Timothy Sackton: Just a sort of leather hanging shelf that you can nail into the side of the whole that just drops down so you can organize your small gear that way.
Timothy Sackton: Anything that's in all will stay in the hole so can.
Timothy Sackton: Do whatever you want i'm shelves in there just make sure it's always in the same orientation when you open it because we stick it on wall.
Timothy Sackton: open it up your shelves are gonna everything on your shelf is gonna fall straight down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it can be in any orientation will closed right.
Oh yes.
Timothy Sackton: there's always the traditional very popular bag of holding.
Timothy Sackton: hold up to 500 pounds of items.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we put anything at all in there, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It won't conflict with other metrics or anything right.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: depends a little bit on.
Timothy Sackton: What the magic is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We found this mirror that has like extra dimensional cells like, if you look at it, you get sucked into it that's really big and heavy and we want to take this thing around with us, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know it's.
Timothy Sackton: sounds.
Timothy Sackton: How does it work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You might be really into it actually it's the you look at it, and then it it sucks you inside and then you'd like you're in this foggy place where time doesn't pass.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds a.
Timothy Sackton: Question a ball.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, it was awesome I mean it was unexpected but it's really cool it's good for a vacation or, if you have a lot of work, you need to do.
Timothy Sackton: Is add a.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You look at it, and then you get sucks inside.
Timothy Sackton: hmm.
It.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't really tell me what I need to know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well let's just put it this way, it was used as a trap when we first encounter it and a couple of our companions open the door a normal door and this mirror was behind the door and by simply looking at that surface, they were transported inside the mirror which.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This wasn't mostly like in there, it was the size of that space when you're shopping there, while he.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was like this foggy Gray space that just it seemed like it went on forever, but also had no space whatsoever, I would definitely bring a chair, if I was going to do that again.
Eric Rosenbaum: And no sense of time passing is that right.
Mike Sackton: Not not really, although it certainly didn't feel like you were sleeping.
Timothy Sackton: Right, how do you get in this place and how have you been storing it in character.
Mike Sackton: there's a mirror.
Do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's like a mirror and you look at the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: So, right now, somebody who stumbled into your room might just vanish.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we.
Thought.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't there a command sorry out of game, then you have to turn it off with the command.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we figured some things out about how to use it.
Mike Sackton: I thought we had a command where.
Mike Sackton: That made it so we didn't have to like walk away every time we were looking at it, because.
Mike Sackton: i'm sure there was a command.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds right, I feel like we learned a way to turn it off and on.
Mike Sackton: didn't we, we must have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah there's a command where we're stuff like oh man we're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): out the command to activate or deactivate the mirror speaking this year is active shuts it off.
Timothy Sackton: It is written in your inventory under your equipment and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so that it becomes for all intents and purposes harmless mirror it's been the same thing well it's an active will reactivate the connection whoever speaks command word is immune to the effects well it's active.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: As long as that's off I wouldn't worry about storing at.
Eric Rosenbaum: The way.
We.
Timothy Sackton: Know it's not your inventory it's in doubt, with inventory.
Timothy Sackton: Hard stuff on the card.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's all starting the party treasure.
Eric Rosenbaum: where's that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was that.
Timothy Sackton: links to from the session notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think so.
Timothy Sackton: No its own treasure and magic recovered.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I would be.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I wouldn't worry about it, if it's as you describe inactive.
Timothy Sackton: wouldn't put it, I would make sure not to put it into the do not activate it inside this whole.
Eric Rosenbaum: How how confident, are you about that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean How long have you worked on extra dimensional spaces in.
Timothy Sackton: Items crafted.
Timothy Sackton: Has it been 20 years.
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't mean to demean your experience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret that's what they call a burn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we're out of healing mud.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh snap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah basu I think that sounds great to us as long, but if we Well, this is interesting, what happens if it's in there and we do say the word what happens.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Probably a big explosion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With everything inside there die if there were things living like would it kill everybody that was inside their.
Timothy Sackton: depends on how good they are resisting explosions.
Timothy Sackton: is also likely to throw you to an unpredictable place.
Timothy Sackton: very interesting possibly.
Timothy Sackton: Not on this planet in.
Timothy Sackton: That is much more likely to kill you then the explosion, to be honest.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you have some viable means of getting back, which I.
Timothy Sackton: don't think any of you do.
Timothy Sackton: I even haven't figured that one out yet.
Timothy Sackton: So don't do it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if that's what you want, should take me about two weeks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's what are you proposing to make them.
Timothy Sackton: A part of a home with a some shouts i'm.
Timothy Sackton: dangling shelves attached, that you can store your little items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we like to.
Mike Sackton: think so.
Timothy Sackton: And even mount the mirror on the wall of the whole if you'd like to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoo wait, can we go into the hole and use the mirrors.
Timothy Sackton: I just said don't activate the.
mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other one.
Mike Sackton: Can you not the other one you.
Timothy Sackton: Ever listen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still have that problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But yes it's a it's a 10 foot by 10 foot hole I don't know if all of you can squeeze into it, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we decorate it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: We put torches thousand cubic.
Timothy Sackton: feet of your personal palace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey that's pretty cool.
well.
Timothy Sackton: Why would you like the walls to be of.
Mike Sackton: ooh what.
Timothy Sackton: What isn't instead organic substances don't tend to do well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: admin team.
Timothy Sackton: you've got some and mad team lying around makes it hard to mount stuff too.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I can do stone or or clay or dirt.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Mike Sackton: That would, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we make it earth could seeker molded if we needed to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Work with as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the.
Timothy Sackton: The space cannot get larger.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, for you know adjusting the brackets, and so forth.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stone.
Timothy Sackton: How you could use.
Timothy Sackton: You could just grow I grow a little things out of the yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So stone, it is.
I think so.
Timothy Sackton: And I will mount the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Small item organizer for you to begin with, and then you can decorate as you'd like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cited.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what's the what's the most.
Eric Rosenbaum: Creative or unusual request.
Eric Rosenbaum: In this area, that you've encountered as a craftsman over so many years.
Timothy Sackton: Once.
Timothy Sackton: must have been.
Timothy Sackton: 10 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: got a request for a.
Timothy Sackton: For a tent.
Timothy Sackton: That could sleep 20.
Timothy Sackton: And fold up into a tiny Square.
Timothy Sackton: took about six months of work to work out the dynamics of that one.
Timothy Sackton: But uh it's pretty impressive if I do say so myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonder why it need that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you recall.
Timothy Sackton: I was.
Timothy Sackton: I think it was.
Timothy Sackton: For show it was a.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty wealthy merchant.
Timothy Sackton: Who.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't know I don't know what they wanted, but a.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty nice to have a.
Timothy Sackton: little space that you could.
Timothy Sackton: You know, put anywhere you want slap on the side of a cliff and then crawl into your 20% tent.
Timothy Sackton: sounds you know not what I bother with I mean the think he was charter any in or somewhere out West maybe a lorean certainly not done Marty, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Open ground is good enough for us but.
Timothy Sackton: If you're lazy and used to the comforts of the city and don't like roughing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: travelers yes, a platoon of troops could move in still set way to the.
Timothy Sackton: Well, drinking can't with the door shut you can't stay in there for too long you'll run out of air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: It was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The door open for barrington.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well that was what took so long, I needed to work out some airflow mechanism to.
Timothy Sackton: Allow 20 people to spend the night, without suffocating.
Timothy Sackton: didn't see the margin that, though I mean so expensive and difficult.
Timothy Sackton: To me, the what you're.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to do as much more useful, I mean carry bulky items sure.
Timothy Sackton: If you're a merchant traveling from China and why are you wasting your time and hard earned money on a luxurious sleeping accommodations instead of.
Timothy Sackton: Having to less wagons and your caravan.
Timothy Sackton: girl figure, some people.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe he likes to show off for his companions.
Timothy Sackton: But mostly it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: backs and backpacks.
Timothy Sackton: Probably make.
Timothy Sackton: Eight or 10 of those a year.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, glad we could.
Eric Rosenbaum: unlock your supply once again.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: With well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When you used to go down there were there, like little centipedes and worms and stuff down there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah do it then would become huge and massive.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was a massive one down there.
Timothy Sackton: it's been basking in the energy of.
Timothy Sackton: Our body for.
Timothy Sackton: A month now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I.
Timothy Sackton: Will strange things to creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about pandemonium.
Eric Rosenbaum: The plan ammonium cleaning madness.
Eric Rosenbaum: We read about it on those pillars.
Timothy Sackton: Right, if I can see about that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh yeah we should get the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know basu what I mean you know, obviously I in my time here, I was pretty ignorant what was going down in the basement here, but how often what's your normal protocol for cleaning this because if you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: go down there every month and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deal with the the hell that we had to deal with service now like, what are you doing down there like, how do you normally do this.
Timothy Sackton: wow it's not not sounds like it was worse than normal as I suspected it probably would be, because nobody listens to me around here.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I knew.
Timothy Sackton: It i'm not calling myself not my.
Timothy Sackton: Not my bailiwick but usually sounds like as long as you avoid the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: thing that tries to eat your mind.
Timothy Sackton: Then.
Timothy Sackton: it's not too bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I saw your memories.
Timothy Sackton: there's a.
Timothy Sackton: casino is about this there's a some sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You think it used to be, though.
Timothy Sackton: Like the mess Hall, or something but it's full of this.
Timothy Sackton: creature that.
Timothy Sackton: Evil will have some kind that seems to.
Timothy Sackton: Try to eat people's minds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So avoid that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's good to know.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't talk to Kathy before you went into the ruins.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, again, nobody told us, there was an order in which we were supposed to do this by Sue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would have been nice if somebody said go talk to see before you go to be nice nice of you specifically told us that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It ended up working out.
Timothy Sackton: You often go on dangerous expeditions without gathering intelligence first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, almost exclusively.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Timothy Sackton: I guess that explains it then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, listen if you see a velvet warm down there say hi from me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We appreciate greatly your your help with the whole, this is very exciting for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Thank you again for your help.
Timothy Sackton: Okay come back in two weeks be ready for you.
Timothy Sackton: To work right now i'd been.
Timothy Sackton: anxiously stewing with nothing to.
Timothy Sackton: Do for so long.
Timothy Sackton: And he likes sort of just turns his back and starts like sketching out and sort of organizing things and as we're dropping stuff like kind of gives you that, like back end, you know nice to see you wave.
Timothy Sackton: So where do you want to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go find can see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the basic layout of the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so the workshops are sort of in the back there's like an inner courtyard.
Timothy Sackton: Around a well with the lake main building of the monastery that has like the temple on the clusters and the chapter house in the mess Hall, and everything and this the.
Timothy Sackton: library is not huge, but the small libraries, such as it is in the main monastery so you sort of head into the main monastery and.
Timothy Sackton: You know your way around obviously kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: And approach that there's so there's a.
Timothy Sackton: small room with maybe four or five shells filled with scrolls on.
Timothy Sackton: books.
Timothy Sackton: Very neat very organized very tidy and you see.
Timothy Sackton: can see sitting at.
Timothy Sackton: sitting at a desk ah like work, you know copying something working on something with her with her back to the entrance as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem to notice, do you.
Mike Sackton: remind me who is see the library in person.
Timothy Sackton: She has the library and have the lock in the small library at the locking mistake.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and buses partner.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be and I am well it's Kansas history with the with the QC again.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you know you are much more of a.
Timothy Sackton: I can, so I my my feeling was kenza was never super interested in the lake intellectual side of the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's too much.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, so you will you will know her obviously I mean she's like everybody, you would have taped you would have had to have studied with her, because she has to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead headmaster type Librarians or.
Timothy Sackton: um but you know not so she obviously she would know you.
Timothy Sackton: So I think probably you weren't like.
Timothy Sackton: super close to or anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so kind of poked her head in and give a little you know.
Timothy Sackton: she'd like startles and looks up oh you're here I come Come on, I have things for you right policy side you're going to the ruins below.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: funny you should say that um we went to the ruins below.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we did we did and a couple of our companions lost some memories and we had to fight a giant centipede but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were able to soak up the magical energy that basu had hoped that we would be able to absorb into those vials and we accomplish the mission and upon returning bosses said that you had a map which would have been very useful to have seen before going.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm i'm sorry I.
Timothy Sackton: thought you would come to ask about that I don't know why bossy didn't tell you, he can.
Timothy Sackton: can get a little distracted sometimes wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very, very accurate and detailed map.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So thorough.
Timothy Sackton: Oh we've been down there many times.
Timothy Sackton: i'm curious actually because there's a few oven words we weren't really sure what they meant from those pillars.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you'd be willing to.
Timothy Sackton: share your knowledge, maybe.
Mike Sackton: apple a.
Timothy Sackton: keynote Do you know what the under fully is.
Timothy Sackton: Something like the deep breath.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: debbie TIM I don't actually know what these words mean, am I supposed to make stuff up or are you good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So stuff up.
Timothy Sackton: Next, I know.
Timothy Sackton: That you.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I should have.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I might have had a conversation Is this all based on the whole conversation about we had about the elven firstborn.
Timothy Sackton: Know it's based on a much older conversation that i'm sure you forgotten.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I should have reminded you.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's a there's a whole unexplored area down there then pass the translucent SLIME creature.
Timothy Sackton: yeah uh.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't we should go back down there.
Mike Sackton: In time.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's the in the other direction of blocks.
passage.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's where the creature that eats memory is lives.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know that it's worth exploring that how many memories, do you have to sacrifice.
Timothy Sackton: Now I will say they do usually come back.
Timothy Sackton: After a good rest.
Timothy Sackton: but not always.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2,000,140 6747 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this text on the map here is all transcriptions of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the pillars.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: This is that translation of the elven writing that is on the.
Mike Sackton: i'm asking you a question.
Mike Sackton: Okay okay that gives me good contacts.
Mike Sackton: And, and if billy is a.
Mike Sackton: I would translate it is something like the.
Long breath.
Mike Sackton: But logging the Elvis sense, not the human sense.
Mike Sackton: wrath of of.
Mike Sackton: Many years.
Mike Sackton: I am not a scholar of.
Mike Sackton: The ancient legends of the elves or.
Mike Sackton: I would not say that I am one of the wise the Elder sense.
Mike Sackton: But I.
Mike Sackton: I remember.
Mike Sackton: The elders talking about it.
Mike Sackton: This word this.
Mike Sackton: thing.
Mike Sackton: Sometimes in the stories of.
Mike Sackton: How.
Mike Sackton: America came to be.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting so is this.
Timothy Sackton: If that does had something to do with how.
Timothy Sackton: Well, do the Alice know how this diversity of worlds that exists in our multiverse came to be.
Timothy Sackton: Is that what the long breath is.
Timothy Sackton: Here, your activity you don't know.
Mike Sackton: Do elves know.
Mike Sackton: I suspect, yes.
Mike Sackton: there's.
Mike Sackton: there's an Elf I needed I needed help and.
Mike Sackton: They all just token elven names.
Timothy Sackton: There are just token.
Mike Sackton: there's an alpha Gala door.
Mike Sackton: Who is said.
Mike Sackton: Who does remember the very first day.
Timothy Sackton: hmm.
Mike Sackton: Too many people doesn't um.
Mike Sackton: What I hear is it's hard to get answers.
Mike Sackton: for all I know he's.
Mike Sackton: gone to the other realms by now.
Mike Sackton: But when I was a child.
Mike Sackton: He was certainly still among us.
Mike Sackton: Where I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I suspect he knows what the really is.
Mike Sackton: better than me.
Timothy Sackton: I would so dearly love to talk to the wives of the album's one day.
Timothy Sackton: So many things they could tell us.
Mike Sackton: yeah you'd be disappointed though.
Mike Sackton: They rarely share such.
Mike Sackton: Obvious answers, I think.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps you could decipher their.
riddles.
Timothy Sackton: The guys do not speak and obvious answers either Earth.
Timothy Sackton: You have some.
Timothy Sackton: Experience deciphering the cryptic offerings of the wise.
Timothy Sackton: fascinating and you know.
Timothy Sackton: Now, you may.
Timothy Sackton: That one you have not heard of.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: something about how the.
Timothy Sackton: The planes are classified into three parts.
Timothy Sackton: Is tar.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I don't speak Elvis tyrell Lynn delay.
Timothy Sackton: Is that.
Timothy Sackton: Is that something you, you know.
Mike Sackton: I think your footnotes are.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah there you're right the wrong.
Ah.
Mike Sackton: Tyrolean delay is a.
Mike Sackton: it's a place.
Mike Sackton: So it said.
Mike Sackton: The stories I heard.
Mike Sackton: As a child.
Mike Sackton: speak of it, is where the elves go when they grow weary of this world, when the effort to stay does not.
Mike Sackton: is too much.
Mike Sackton: it's a place of.
Mike Sackton: Of great age.
Mike Sackton: praise of great wisdom.
Mike Sackton: Where the ancestors are.
Mike Sackton: Here I guess it's being used to mean those those elven souls to are there.
Timothy Sackton: interesting.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: am sorry you you all may have questions I don't mean to monopolize the time of your companion dealt with, but I could listen to the out speak on these matters for.
Timothy Sackton: Well, as long as they're willing to speak.
Timothy Sackton: But please, if there is anything you would ask me, I will.
Timothy Sackton: I will do what I can you've been generous to basu and I again I I apologize, he did not.
Timothy Sackton: I thought it was obvious that you would come looking for information, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it turns out, I should have.
Timothy Sackton: told you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean it's not as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do we are curious about a number of things I you know, maybe Maybe you can help potentially enlighten us of some some more on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One in particular, have you heard of a of a master of beach ma who may be living in the north of Tokyo name soccer.
Timothy Sackton: I spend far more time with the people in.
Timothy Sackton: These books than those outside.
Timothy Sackton: i'd ask.
Timothy Sackton: Ask in town.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody you relay might know.
Is that.
Timothy Sackton: They had a.
Timothy Sackton: High priestess yeah.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: knows.
Timothy Sackton: She knows people.
Timothy Sackton: might be paying attention to those sorts of things I.
Timothy Sackton: it's not my speciality is those that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe suck in the real world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, maybe that's something that isn't in your books.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or have you heard stories or legend or writings of of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, a collaboration between.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some of the monks of beach ma and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A sorcerer or rye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some decades ago.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: Many rumors and stories and legends of this.
Timothy Sackton: The sorcerer awry.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not.
Timothy Sackton: Few that speak of anything past.
Timothy Sackton: The events of the great war.
Timothy Sackton: I would have to go digging around this isn't.
Timothy Sackton: This isn't really my i'm not a historian so much as a theologian, I would say it's not.
Timothy Sackton: Questions of history or not my speciality in our archives here are concerned.
Timothy Sackton: Far more with.
Timothy Sackton: You know works of the done Mario religion in the stories of the.
Timothy Sackton: gods and their deeds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the reason we ask or I ask is because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For we now have very significant evidence that rye was sorcerer was collaborating with the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the monks additional.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For some reason that we still do not know, and part of as part of why we seek this this master soccer so for some reason, there was a an alliance of sorts between.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The religious aspects of donmar and the sorcerer what they were trying to accomplish is something that is of great interest to us.
Timothy Sackton: I am happy to.
Timothy Sackton: i'm happy to look in in.
Timothy Sackton: The archives here, to see if I can find any mention of stories of of.
Timothy Sackton: This wizard rye.
Timothy Sackton: The ones I know are all from the Great War.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be of interest and also maybe in pleased to my companions as my my own memory fails they it seemed as though they were working in collaboration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Potentially to try to contain or stop some corrupting force that may have been in the East is that because of kind of glances around the room.
That.
Mike Sackton: The great.
Mike Sackton: desolation that spreads throughout East I think they were trying to cleanse the land of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What went wrong, this is something that we know somehow their attempt failed, and perhaps some of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Corruption and strange events you've seen are somehow connected to what unfolded, and this is like 30 years ago right.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From these events.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyways if there's anything you can find, I think that would be useful, you know if you're able to look in the archives or investigate this, I think we would we would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you find anything of interest would be very curious to hear about it.
Timothy Sackton: I will search, it will take me a few days.
Timothy Sackton: that's fine see what I can find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We greatly appreciate your your efforts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a question about the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: forget your name.
Timothy Sackton: seeker seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes please go ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a symmetry to that hall of pillars.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're all on one side.
Eric Rosenbaum: They speak of our boria and the other of pandemonium.
Indeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you make of that pattern because we've seen.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Eric Rosenbaum: place where our boria leaks into this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there perhaps another such place down there.
Timothy Sackton: There are rumors.
That.
Timothy Sackton: Not not here but nearby somewhere around.
Timothy Sackton: There is another pair to this.
Timothy Sackton: This place.
Timothy Sackton: That is somehow connected to this.
Timothy Sackton: Seemingly much darker and.
Timothy Sackton: less pleasant realm pandemonium.
Timothy Sackton: Where exactly this might be is.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Meta game didn't some monks just write out.
Mike Sackton: What were they writing it to do, oh yeah what were the mindset.
Timothy Sackton: They had a vision of there's a string of watchtowers along the.
Timothy Sackton: Like north of the road they had theirs.
Timothy Sackton: They had a vision of one and from locker and road to that watchtower to see what was up.
Eric Rosenbaum: To this place where pandemonium perhaps leaks into our worlds, has not been found.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know where it is but.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: would imagine it's not very far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: And do you have any speculation as to what.
Eric Rosenbaum: to drink Koreans.
Eric Rosenbaum: Presumably built their workshop there much later than the elves.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, indeed, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: what they were doing there.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly similar to what we are doing.
Timothy Sackton: I can't imagine the drink Koreans we're uninterested in the construction of.
Timothy Sackton: magic items that would allow the transport of goods and simple containers.
The.
Timothy Sackton: process rossouw.
Timothy Sackton: skilled, as he is and.
Timothy Sackton: don't tell him I said this, but he did not invent this craft.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: basu learned this craft.
Timothy Sackton: we've it's been passed down among the locking.
Timothy Sackton: Miss die for generations now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Timothy Sackton: learned, you would kenza you would know this, so this is like I mean you specialized in sort of the more Marshall side of things, but there are some of the initiates who.
Timothy Sackton: Trained with with like the master of the of the crafts right and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: took her was like like Kansas hogwarts.
Timothy Sackton: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: So are there are there Ancients bags of holding perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Older stranger more powerful ones that could originate from thousands of years ago, or from drink or from before then even.
Timothy Sackton: Items imbued with such power tend to last far longer than normal items of their kind that is true.
Timothy Sackton: Such things may exist for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, but none in the holdings archives of the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no and basu is quite skilled I wouldn't assume that just because something is old, it is better.
Timothy Sackton: We have developed new tricks he wants figure it out, it took sick of hearing them talk about this, to be honest, but it figured out a way to make a tent with air circulation, so that you could have 20 people sleeping in the space that look like it would only fit one.
Mike Sackton: may be surprised to learn, but we've already heard of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: It didn't make me one.
Timothy Sackton: traveler and.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you ever need to travel under the surface of the ocean if perhaps this type of device can be constructed to help us do that.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe with a longer connection for the airflow.
Timothy Sackton: Precisely could work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or attached more easily to a flying bird have some fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Timothy Sackton: Why, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be cool.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it seems easy enough to just.
Timothy Sackton: breathe the water though that's not so complex magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: for everybody.
Timothy Sackton: yeah fair enough.
Mike Sackton: If I might ask a unrelated question.
Mike Sackton: Do you know anything about gods who have lost their worshippers.
Timothy Sackton: i've heard such a thing can happen.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: don't know what happens to them, though.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: There is a connection between.
Timothy Sackton: The power of the God and the presence of.
Timothy Sackton: Those who believe in it.
Timothy Sackton: And without belief what sustains the God.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: There are stories, though, that.
Timothy Sackton: When the drink Koreans.
Timothy Sackton: trap.
Timothy Sackton: traveled extended expanded their empire beyond here to the north and west of here that they slew many small gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would they do that.
Timothy Sackton: To assert our power.
Timothy Sackton: Now I have my doubts about these stories.
Timothy Sackton: Because the drink Korean gods are strong.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Many may have just chosen new ways of worship, when the power of the.
Timothy Sackton: New gods was obvious.
Timothy Sackton: And I think it is possible for a mortal to slay a God.
Timothy Sackton: And the drink Koreans are fond of.
Timothy Sackton: highlighting their power.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, there are stories.
Timothy Sackton: That are stories of lost Dodds.
Timothy Sackton: Does this God have a name, are you speaking of a particular God.
Mike Sackton: Is Ali.
From the north.
Mike Sackton: But not from the train Korean times.
Timothy Sackton: When I.
Mike Sackton: whenever you may think of drag cars ability to kill small god's i'm fairly sure she could do it.
Mike Sackton: and tried, in this case.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: I could see that.
Timothy Sackton: I can search for any mention.
Mike Sackton: i'd be interested if you did find such a legend.
Timothy Sackton: Is Ali you son.
Mike Sackton: Is Ali yes.
Timothy Sackton: Any other names that might help guide my search.
Mike Sackton: Am I missing another name somewhere in this text Jane him think.
Timothy Sackton: Are you.
Mike Sackton: Oh yes, I am a DC chica chica.
Timothy Sackton: huh okay.
Timothy Sackton: she's like writing these things down.
Timothy Sackton: OK, I will look.
Timothy Sackton: it's been a fascinating conversation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And one more question for you.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know anything about the order of the awakened soul.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing beyond.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that's a.
Timothy Sackton: isn't that what the.
Timothy Sackton: mist I have been called themselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It did it anyways it's connected to the other inquiries so maybe as you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seek a little more there that would be wonderful I sorry I guess the other question we had was around the society be open scroll uncharted.
Timothy Sackton: I don't really know much about them, who are they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know no don't worry about it there's some bastards.
Timothy Sackton: Should I be worried.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Essentially.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: probably be just have you heard you've probably heard a little bit about the fact that there you know there's a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Chardonnay and presence in town right now is that is that not right right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I guess I did hear a rumor about that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I forget who mentioned That to me is that true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You haven't been to town yet to tell you, but we're curious to learn more.
Mike Sackton: seems likely that it's true yes.
Timothy Sackton: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't think they're gonna come up here so.
Timothy Sackton: Not my concern.
well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys to do you have any other questions friends.
Eric Rosenbaum: I admit i'm puzzled by the discussion of generic and.
Eric Rosenbaum: con.
Eric Rosenbaum: divine and yet not divine.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah that's another word I don't.
Timothy Sackton: really know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says here the emptiness at the beginning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you know dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: What that might mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yes, Tim I know.
Timothy Sackton: Are you knew that okay you're deciding.
Mike Sackton: I just don't know if Dallas.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Like would it would it be reasonable for a mildly.
Mike Sackton: Do Elvis know this kind of stuff or is it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean if it's written on a pillar some ruin somewhere it's not like.
Timothy Sackton: weird secret knowledge right.
Mike Sackton: Ah fun.
Mike Sackton: fun cabana.
Mike Sackton: is not a.
Mike Sackton: pleasant word.
Eric Rosenbaum: know it.
it's.
Mike Sackton: It refers to so amongst the elves there is.
Mike Sackton: Occasionally, some of the wise i've heard tell believe and.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Mike Sackton: Everybody is sheriff there right.
Mike Sackton: That there is something out there.
Mike Sackton: It just doesn't want existence to exist.
Eric Rosenbaum: strange attitude.
Mike Sackton: And fun Canada is the name the wise.
Mike Sackton: This emptiness.
Mike Sackton: it's all to be empty.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see emptiness.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, this to it is written on the pillars, then have an ancient controversy.
Eric Rosenbaum: suggesting that some say this emptiness is the source of the power of the mad one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Avatar of genetic.
Mike Sackton: I wish I had paid more attention my youth.
Mike Sackton: Never is interesting is.
Mike Sackton: cooking or.
Mike Sackton: climbing through the trees or.
Eric Rosenbaum: can all be theologians.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I relate dollars.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: In these strange ancient mysteries may hold the clues to the very.
Eric Rosenbaum: topology and structure and system of.
Eric Rosenbaum: The many realms and their interconnections.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, indeed secret, you are for sure right and.
Timothy Sackton: Hence my desire to speak with one of the wise of the hours for.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: I love the gods I am devoted with all my heart to lock.
Timothy Sackton: But he.
Timothy Sackton: He does not speak of the.
Timothy Sackton: realms of the elves and dwarves and.
Timothy Sackton: All these other places out there that are.
Timothy Sackton: alien.
Timothy Sackton: And yet I would still no of them.
Mike Sackton: The elves do you spend much time.
Mike Sackton: Looking at these places.
Mike Sackton: rukavina though i've always chose to believe is not real.
Mike Sackton: I don't like the idea of something that wants to.
Mike Sackton: Have nothing.
Mike Sackton: seems worse than an evil.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps then a story told.
Eric Rosenbaum: that the children of the elves.
Eric Rosenbaum: To keep them on their best behavior.
Mike Sackton: So i've chosen to believe.
Mike Sackton: But as this pillar says, perhaps there are wise ones who believe it to be a real presence.
Eric Rosenbaum: or were at least thousands of years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: The wise do not speak as when when is that ever been the case.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm also curious about the fixed points that anchor the endless lunacy but I imagine.
Eric Rosenbaum: cassie that you don't know any further details about those.
Mike Sackton: Well i'm gonna suggest we go there.
Mike Sackton: Find out.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: I think of.
Mike Sackton: a bridge too far, even for you.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: am of a mind, perhaps as this Alf dealt with, I.
Timothy Sackton: have not studied the questions of that raised by this text of genetic and.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Fixed points of madness that.
Timothy Sackton: This does not seem to me a place that.
Timothy Sackton: One would want to go or even know about.
Timothy Sackton: I do not believe locker would.
Timothy Sackton: Believe.
Timothy Sackton: I believe a locker protects me by steering my curiosity away from such things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean just recently we were in a place of howling wins and whispering voices of madness, I think it was unrelated to this pandemonium place.
Eric Rosenbaum: We tend to find ourselves curious about them.
Mike Sackton: When we were in a place of howling wins, yes, of course, I remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, the endless storm around the tower.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See do have maps among the collection in your library here.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: Of what would you like to see a map.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm curious to know if you have maps.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of what was here when the elves were here are the drain Koreans old ones.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So might give us a clue to where the other temple might be or.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: No all maps.
Timothy Sackton: The archives in town, maybe.
Mike Sackton: Apps that should be our next stop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have maps of the watchtowers along the frontier.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we've got maps of the local terrain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'd love to spend an afternoon copying them if I could.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I can.
Timothy Sackton: I can.
Timothy Sackton: Technically, the library is supposed to be for initiates only, but I think the maps are probably Okay, and I trust you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): come to pass.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This may be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): conspiracy and possibility only.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But if the day comes that cerrone and troops become an open presence in the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If the day comes, the donmar becomes a part.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of the Chardonnay and empire.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): monastery will provide safety for you or the secrets that are here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it's worth considering what you'll do when that day comes.
Timothy Sackton: locker will provide.
Timothy Sackton: He always has before.
Timothy Sackton: He will again.
Eric Rosenbaum: But is there a bag of holding the size of a library.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there could be.
Timothy Sackton: such thing as needed.
Timothy Sackton: will provide a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): charge imagines itself to be a new drink Korean empire.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When the drain Korean empire came through here the killed god's along the way.
Timothy Sackton: As I said.
Timothy Sackton: not believe the stories.
Timothy Sackton: And locker is not a small God.
Timothy Sackton: Not worship the small gods in this country.
Timothy Sackton: Our gods are just as powerful as.
Timothy Sackton: The eight divine, if not more so.
Timothy Sackton: There is no danger.
Timothy Sackton: That chart and could somehow.
Timothy Sackton: defeat.
Timothy Sackton: lock and.
Timothy Sackton: Key volley song car to do no.
Timothy Sackton: No, not believe that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh crap maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: They don't have their own gods.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so they.
Timothy Sackton: drink Korean religion, which is worshipped in most of the northwest of talk ourselves chart and some bar the area around there is known as the way or mosque nemenhah and.
Timothy Sackton: Is warships the eight devine's which are much more less personified and much more archetypal it's like the mother, the father, the warlord.
Timothy Sackton: The night queen the Wanderer the.
Timothy Sackton: traveler like that sort of thing so there's eight of them and those that their charter Indian.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they have a warlord God, backed by a much larger and wealthier civilization which this person is saying Oh, they could never take out art, but they just anyway, this very interesting.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we should.
Mike Sackton: have some lunch and then.
Mike Sackton: figure out our next steps.
Mike Sackton: Are elsewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I will look into these requests for you.
Mike Sackton: One other name.
Mike Sackton: I can't find that it was the name of Dr Dean.
Timothy Sackton: nida.
nida.
Mike Sackton: nida.
Mike Sackton: This this small God.
Mike Sackton: said, referred to as the first and last.
I think.
Timothy Sackton: That is familiar to me.
Timothy Sackton: I think the first in the last.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: And you say this so, what was the context.
Timothy Sackton: That you heard this name.
The context.
Mike Sackton: The context was this might be interesting.
Mike Sackton: place sacred to Chicago.
Timothy Sackton: So Are you familiar with.
Timothy Sackton: Sure mother sky and some Father Earth.
Timothy Sackton: They are the creators of the gods and humans and the world, and everything on it and the planes and magic.
Timothy Sackton: They are given many names are and Malek by the drink Orleans and the father is the way sometimes called the duality of the divine presence.
Timothy Sackton: Ikea the great ocean, the mother, see to the scare people.
Timothy Sackton: scapa and host are the creator and destroyer the beginning the end in some of the.
Timothy Sackton: highland areas of some borrow or they hold to the old ways and many other names on counted and maybe even among the elves and dwarves and the half length these.
Timothy Sackton: original divinity is referred to.
Timothy Sackton: But there are many I have actually made a study of the names and interpretations of these divine beings who never seem to do anything but create other gods are no stories of their deeds or their.
Timothy Sackton: heroes or their myths except.
Timothy Sackton: That everything came from them.
Timothy Sackton: And every culture Every religion.
Timothy Sackton: has a name for them.
Timothy Sackton: Usually the creator and destroyer the mother and father.
Timothy Sackton: And I think they must be.
Timothy Sackton: mean to us the Denmark, they are the mothers sky and father earth they're, the ones who gave birth to us.
Timothy Sackton: But I think these are the same everywhere, and they gave birth to all the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps even the Alvin gods and the door of and gods.
Timothy Sackton: And while usually they are.
Timothy Sackton: seen as two entities pair did not do ality many of the people of the North.
Timothy Sackton: believed.
Timothy Sackton: that there was a duality of shroud and sample was one united divinity the first and the last.
Timothy Sackton: Many of the settlers that traveled i'm.
Mike Sackton: Sorry i'm just.
Mike Sackton: pasting War I made up a long time ago wondering if it's if you've ever read it, and if it's reasonably canonical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I did I like that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Those.
Timothy Sackton: So those those people, then that word.
Timothy Sackton: Something of that original divinity is in all the gods today.
Timothy Sackton: chicken as well.
Timothy Sackton: And I think if you say that this you heard the name.
Timothy Sackton: I need the first and the last that must be one of the.
Timothy Sackton: original northern people that settled far north of the of Chardin.
Timothy Sackton: And survived there.
Timothy Sackton: They are related to the Marwan.
Timothy Sackton: If you know of those.
Timothy Sackton: Little side I there from Kong.
Timothy Sackton: Many but many cultures.
Timothy Sackton: Many of these cultures of the small gods of the northerners had this a name like this.
Timothy Sackton: A need or Anita.
Timothy Sackton: But first and the last.
Mike Sackton: North of charter.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, far north, the the lands lands beyond the Great Lake.
Timothy Sackton: Where.
Timothy Sackton: If you look right north of the words cardone and empire on the map does a big to.
Mike Sackton: enslave inside rise at night of incited.
Timothy Sackton: stretching from the coast many that is as far as the drink Korean empire ever went the Great Lake and so many of the northern cultures.
Timothy Sackton: persisted.
Timothy Sackton: far to the north.
Mike Sackton: Okay, yes.
Timothy Sackton: I will search in our archives and see if I can find any way to connect this this God, you mentioned resolved to a new dad first the last and these people.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: suspect the people are gone.
Mike Sackton: But i'd be curious to know where they went.
Timothy Sackton: we'll see what I can find.
Mike Sackton: The House, by the way, I do have the same.
Mike Sackton: concept.
Timothy Sackton: They do.
Mike Sackton: beginning and the ending.
Timothy Sackton: yeah at least 20 miles.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the corresponding name of the originator god's prison doors.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, I have to make something up.
Timothy Sackton: and never made that up.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I have much to do, it seems.
Timothy Sackton: Please give me two or three days to see what I can find about all of these questions.
Yes, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: it's been.
Timothy Sackton: fascinating talking to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We appreciate your time to see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shall we have lunch.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and and I think we have some.
Mike Sackton: Next steps to play.
The.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): grab a bit myself what we do, but i'll still be on.
Mike Sackton: I feel.
Mike Sackton: Like we must.
Mike Sackton: eat either seek.
Mike Sackton: soccer.
Mike Sackton: Or we could fall off on the mystery of the archive.
Mike Sackton: I think those are the two most pressing or most immediate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think they're connected right the will learn more about socket the location of socket from the high priestess.
Mike Sackton: yeah wraps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta game don't you have a letter or.
Mike Sackton: yep we have a letter from cardoza to the high priestess basically saying these guys are super awesome they saved our town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: Do whatever they say.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we should we should use that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems like a reasonable next step.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it feels like you know, we should maybe this afternoon after lunch we go to town and setup get a room and listening to the end against in the.
Timothy Sackton: fancy one.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like one that we're all the way out.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You bet i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: curious curious yeah so maybe we go and get a room and curious and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: make some inquiries, there are at least let people know that make an appearance there and then head to the archive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go go speak with the priestess.
Mike Sackton: I want to know also if this man severus it's the same one who was poking around looking for old scrolls out by Carola.
Mike Sackton: I just think the Chair donations might be up to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, they definitely are.
Mike Sackton: Could he be a member of the open scroll could he have been the one who stole things from the architect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How did we find out.
Mike Sackton: I don't know, I think we.
Mike Sackton: How long ago let's see it was a month ago, maybe hard with a month of time passed to.
Mike Sackton: reconstruct the.
Mike Sackton: reconstruct what happened.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: If somebody took something from the archives, they must have been to the archives.
Mike Sackton: How many people really have gone in and out and been been in the archives since.
Mike Sackton: If we can assume for at, for example, that the archives or not well catalog great.
Mike Sackton: that's what i'm Joe Hart told us.
Mike Sackton: So it seems unlikely that somebody knew exactly what they were looking for without some prep work right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was a person, the person has gone missing if we can find that person's minutes.
Mike Sackton: Ah right, of course, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doing lameness we don't learn something.
Mike Sackton: Right, yes, yes.
Mike Sackton: To.
Mike Sackton: Is if if we could find the missing people that would be another direction to pursue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right and this missing archivist was working on.
Eric Rosenbaum: a topic that seems to connect the gods to the current political situation in a pretty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Immediate way.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's an obvious sort of political connection.
Mike Sackton: Independently do we care very much about there's the guests to other mysteries to to pursue.
Mike Sackton: Where is this.
Mike Sackton: connection to pandemonium and why is there a tree so old and large in the middle of toker and is it growing out of arborio and is that somehow connected to these leakages from the planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I for one would certainly be interested to visit and inspect the tree myself.
Mike Sackton: And secondly.
Mike Sackton: What are the bucs doing.
Mike Sackton: Should we go follow them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were the most handsome where they said they were doing.
Timothy Sackton: They.
Timothy Sackton: had had dreams and omens of.
Timothy Sackton: Well, what you heard you heard from richie that many of the like leaders of the monastery had had dreams and omens about like.
Timothy Sackton: The cycle of history being out of sync with itself.
Timothy Sackton: That sort of thing and recurrent vision of a.
Timothy Sackton: hill to the east of here that commands a wide this stuff and visions of being there and that prompted speaker law and a number of other and, like her, and Raj like her skilled warriors and guards and spiritual advisors and things to leave having left several days ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: almost as though the road we'll have kind of some kind of a we'll we'll have time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Robin in some way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there is a nose of the world or an eye.
Mike Sackton: there.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, I do think pursuing the mystery of the archive seems like the most immediate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well let's go talk to the the priestess.
and
Mike Sackton: I think this afternoon, if we talked to the priestess and go to the end and maybe check out the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds like a fine day of side saying i'm TIM before we do anything else can I what's the name of the fighter guy who's my mother, my mentor.
Timothy Sackton: The she.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I go to Russia and get another core stuff.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
sweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where where would seeker go to get.
Eric Rosenbaum: reasonably improved Armor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All down, we got money.
Timothy Sackton: coming in.
Timothy Sackton: We do that anywhere in town.
Timothy Sackton: that's easy enough to do and in I mean you'd probably want to go to the dwarves and.
Timothy Sackton: there's like the little dorman quarter, where you know people i'm sure you know, like vista fire forge the door of an innkeeper would know where to get decent dwarf and Armor and town.
Mike Sackton: i'm i'm going to assume, by the way, that we took a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: that's fine oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I wouldn't need to role play that but I would definitely want to just replace Member.
Timothy Sackton: Sure ah just you know subtract the golden and give yourself a new suit of.
Timothy Sackton: Standard leather is 45 gold, but probably for going will say that at some point, this afternoon you'll stop in the Durban quarter, and you can get one for 40 gold.
Timothy Sackton: 35 years old.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow what a bargain 35 so where's OK OK.
Timothy Sackton: So just delete so so the one you don't need to actually so in your character sheet I sat the.
Timothy Sackton: If you go to.
Timothy Sackton: degraded started are there just hit remove on that and then add go add a new fresh set of leather.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Timothy Sackton: And subtract the 35 gold.
Timothy Sackton: But staffs are free, you can have a new quarter staff receipt just gives you a new quarter stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: This somebody have like all of our gold on their character sheet.
know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's only in the party treasure.
Mike Sackton: it's only in the park it's.
Timothy Sackton: Only in the party treasure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dark it's only in the party treasure Doc I heard.
Mike Sackton: I heard oh.
Mike Sackton: Sorry.
Mike Sackton: That was a step too far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shall we had to town.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so after lunch after a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: catching your breath a bit.
Timothy Sackton: not really catching your breath just relaxing and chatting during lunch and sort of getting organized you had down into town take you like an hour and a half, maybe two hours so you'll be getting in mid afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a four mile walk basically from the monastery to town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cinema can we make sure we're not being followed.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, make a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: And you also have minus 24 on that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's terrible already.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do.
Timothy Sackton: Now just well be.
Timothy Sackton: A role, still have three Okay, so you mean okay.
Timothy Sackton: bye bobby's not lobby not seeing much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We short rested not long rested right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because nothing's gonna happen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just use my passive perception instead of that it's situations like this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is passive perception do.
Timothy Sackton: how's that perception is like to notice things that you don't need to search for like if somebody is trying to hide.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like a tail.
Timothy Sackton: On BAT or you know if you're approaching you don't need to ever like I will I will I just my descriptions for what you see based on what your passive perception is.
Timothy Sackton: None of you see anybody following you as you leave the monastery and enter town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is very perceptive.
Timothy Sackton: What is 3D eight plus six.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was trying to do my hit days.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Each one is one day, plus two, I think.
Timothy Sackton: that's right, so you can get 21 hit points.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean there's a fair bit of as you approach the city of toker itself, I mean there's a fair bit of traffic coming in and out of the gates.
Timothy Sackton: And you are you sort of I mean, are you.
Timothy Sackton: Are you trying to be you know, do you have your heads up or you're trying to like stay on recognized, are you being more obvious Oh, and what are you carrying with you, what did you leave behind and.
Timothy Sackton: Like what are you bringing this up, there are you bringing all your gear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, asking a lot of questions to.
Timothy Sackton: Just curious.
Mike Sackton: I think we left the cart the saboteur we probably brought with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean it's packed.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: But like Dallas would be wearing his Armor.
Mike Sackton: i'd have a shield over his.
back.
Mike Sackton: or be carrying as God would have.
Timothy Sackton: So you basically left all your car all the like heavy stuff from your car behind but you're sort of dressed for adventure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean we left her camping gear.
Timothy Sackton: Right right right.
Mike Sackton: Like on the side delis character sheet, I would have left everything in my.
Mike Sackton: cart or saddle bags section.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but.
Mike Sackton: brought everything in my belt pouch at backpack.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: got it just curious.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so and are you so you approach town, I mean you're now at the gates, if you are, I mean you can like sort of pull your heads up over and like you know not be obvious, or you certainly dealt with, unless you at least tried to be a little bit suttles.
Timothy Sackton: you're gonna be rocking that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's okay you recognize we're being solid right now still right.
Mike Sackton: Now we're crossing we're not we have we have now come back to the main road.
Mike Sackton: Right, I think we go back to the road.
Mike Sackton: Half mile up and we don't and then we just kind of blend in with the crowd and then.
Mike Sackton: yeah when we cross the gates though what's.
What people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I think we should still be soccer like I just don't want anybody to go to the monastery and like you know so.
Mike Sackton: Why would anybody think we had come from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know, maybe somebody following us are followed us are like.
Mike Sackton: that the whole point was from here to go and go to the end and establish our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes, which we would, but like still I think like not so up, and you know it's like there multiple levels of like of like you know it's like if we're in town, you know people and we got to the end and then some people notice, you know I mean it's sort of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You cannonball in the pool or do you dive in the pool, no matter what you're selling the pool and you made a splash of water but.
Mike Sackton: You know, I have no idea what this metaphor means but dealt with, with eight kids as advice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's just be a little more subtle, for now, a.
Mike Sackton: little bit more subtle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah they're still gonna know that we're it's still we're still pretty obvious but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean so.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're not obviously an Elf, but still, you know to still well dressed adventurers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Coming, yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: You know from the east.
Mike Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You know, so you got some looks, but that does not you know you know whisper is going up oh it's you know the heroes of Caroline.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, other than the T shirts are wearing let's say here is it.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I save carolyn.
Timothy Sackton: And 400 magic items.
Timothy Sackton: i'm, half of which are evil ah.
Timothy Sackton: So you so you enter you enter to cry and you and.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's definitely like eyes on you right, I mean this is not you're not the typical crowd that is moving through the city occasionally like you'll be passing through people sort of like look at you and kind of.
Timothy Sackton: comment about your although you really don't carry all that much weaponry with you because.
Timothy Sackton: Now it doesn't have a weapon kenzo as a staff, the rest Neither have I guess you've got your bow but.
Timothy Sackton: um and your sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And my axe.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: But you know you, you get to you get to.
Timothy Sackton: Carry ends, which is like this.
Timothy Sackton: it's a three story is it's a sort of tall obvious substantial in near the main market square it's actually one of the one of the relatively few is.
Timothy Sackton: In town.
Timothy Sackton: itself it's clearly well built it's a pretty looks like a pretty nice place um.
Timothy Sackton: does not seem to be super busy at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: So you go in.
Timothy Sackton: and get a room I assume.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah or like a sweet, you know.
Mike Sackton: But let's name drop a little bit so like we're gonna go in, I mean Dallas plan is to like go in, but like.
Mike Sackton: not immediately just be like hey we have no idea who you have no idea who we are, we want to be like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can use our names here.
Mike Sackton: drink a little bit talk a little bit like make it obvious that were the heroes of caroli.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we do here, I think, is we try to understand and actually even when we were coming into town like is there any any evidence of charting stuff like does it feel like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean this is kenza with lived here for a long time right is there any noticeable like weird like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dudes and fucking arm or like weird flags or banners or like you know dude wearing like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know chart and T shirts or like what you know, like is there any and then I think this is a good conversation to have like at this bar, but we can ask the zookeeper like well you know what's going on with that you know.
Timothy Sackton: But okay also.
Mike Sackton: I mean delis angle is a little bit for some recognition somebody to be like yeah the here is have Caroline for somebody else to be like wow wow and then for being like oh you guys are staying here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's not going to be if we find like the this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In for sure, has the local groom who's going to be allowed both black you know it's like like if we just asked subtly a question about chart into the ingram of you know what I mean it's hard to do it, you know what I mean like it's just gonna you know we can.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you're as you're walking through i'm kenzo make a just a wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: um I mean the the main vibe you pick up actually is not is not anything so concerned about charting but it's just.
Timothy Sackton: You know people seem hungry.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like there's maybe been some disease passing through town like people seem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: crowbars.
Timothy Sackton: Not coronavirus i'm just you know the conditions that follow refugees right like hunger, disease, probably like color or something right it's like that sort of thing um.
Timothy Sackton: And, in particular, like food seems to be in short supply.
Timothy Sackton: So, like people look.
Timothy Sackton: Your your Antichrist seems crowded like your experience growing you know spending five years here was not that poker was like a.
Timothy Sackton: packed city right like there were a whole sections of like the northern area by the laws that were kind of abandoned, but now it feels more full like more people are here and the people who are here are hungrier and in more desperate straits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't you don't nobody is like you don't see any signs of chart in a charter and i'm presence or anything.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah so pull up to the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get a room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the name of the innkeeper.
Timothy Sackton: So that the.
Timothy Sackton: guys behind the bar when you walk in you sort of running the places is carrion.
Timothy Sackton: Do I know i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You probably have heard of you probably know of him because, like this is a major establishment, but.
I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I must have been here before, I mean obviously kensal wasn't famous before so he was just like a dude, so I would know who carrion is right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you you'd probably have you might have, but this is like the wealth, the end for the lake wealthy merchants right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You I read her.
Timothy Sackton: hands out hung out on the lake taverns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah burns out better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you might have been in here once on like you know.
Timothy Sackton: I did air with Joe or something like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right but it.
Timothy Sackton: wouldn't have been up it wouldn't have been your hangout.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah just curious like recognizes blue walk in.
Timothy Sackton: So he looks up, can I help you.
Timothy Sackton: it's like an older guy done Mari looks like maybe a retired soldier something like his spear and shield are mounted on the wall behind the bar and he's like pretty buff.
Timothy Sackton: Right like Gray hair and like has a scar on his cheek.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so yeah just just walk in, and you know greetings friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo here with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were interested in a in a room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For the next coming evenings.
Timothy Sackton: looks looks at the four of you or.
Timothy Sackton: Are you trying to hide the fact that you're now still.
Mike Sackton: Now, once once we come up that was.
Timothy Sackton: Quite the group.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we don't.
Timothy Sackton: Care why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just arrived.
Timothy Sackton: Are you those adventures those heroes.
Timothy Sackton: Stories going around a dwarf, and now for human and a half line.
Timothy Sackton: killed some magical creature out there.
Mike Sackton: The deeds are ours, yes hero is quite a word.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Please go on.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: What room, would you like.
Timothy Sackton: sweets.
The penthouse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That won't be necessary, I think something something you know kenzo still looks like a monk, you know he's got his monk garb on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you know he's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I nothing, nothing lavish I think there's something that's suitable for the four of us to rest easily and will will will be will be fine thank.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I can I.
Timothy Sackton: can give you a.
Timothy Sackton: give you a simple sweeter second floor nice windows mine you with Roman Board of.
Timothy Sackton: Three golden night for all four of you, together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We appreciate that that that sounds those accommodations sounds fabulous Thank you it's been.
Timothy Sackton: That long, where do you like okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's a good question oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow start to start a week.
Mike Sackton: yeah our plans or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want with flexibility is important.
Mike Sackton: yeah and our plans, maybe in some flux.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But a week to start, I think, with.
Mike Sackton: A week yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That will be.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds great yeah happy to have you staying here what brings you to toker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I don't know if you remember me i'm sure you don't actually but I spent my name is kenzo I was actually here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In Tokyo for many years for about five years before before heading the kairos so until Chris a bit of a bit of a home so it's it's good to be back after after a number of months away, but I have to say it's it's been like it's looking a little little rough here definitely a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The vibe is a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For lauren at the moment it seems.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's.
Timothy Sackton: moderately refugees came in and eight all our food.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We heard, well, we were on the other end of that when the when we were in Kerala window care of them, and everyone had to flee so very challenging time all the way around it seems.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it was you could say it was challenging sickness famine.
Timothy Sackton: Car nos I think we'll take care of it, though I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's got the troops in the field now and food coming i've heard.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So here's a question just we've heard some rumors about this, is there a cardone and presence in the city, right now, more than normal.
Timothy Sackton: In the city now there's there's a future Tony and staying with the army.
Timothy Sackton: Just a.
Timothy Sackton: prudent.
Timothy Sackton: prudent Defense from karnataka has foresight, make sure that if some.
Timothy Sackton: magical creature comes out of the East, we can do something about it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But pfizer's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know.
Timothy Sackton: Like yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly, nothing can go wrong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So nothing, nothing unusual of lead just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That you would say.
Timothy Sackton: wow I mean.
Timothy Sackton: i'm happy to have him here it's good to have the support I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I did my time in the army, and I certainly don't want to go fighting something like canceling spells without.
Timothy Sackton: Some backup.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know about you.
Timothy Sackton: So.
hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did they.
Timothy Sackton: Help us out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When did the Charter onions come the army.
Timothy Sackton: The army has been here for.
Timothy Sackton: A month now, more than a month now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is, after the refugee started heading back up heroin.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: My timeline here i'm.
Timothy Sackton: know they got here they got here before.
Timothy Sackton: They got here when they were still.
Timothy Sackton: Still, refugees, I mean they've been in here for maybe they've been.
Timothy Sackton: they've been here for maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Two months something like that, since early May.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they arrived when the refuge they arrived, with the refugees before after the refugees, when.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but after the refugees so so the timeline was so remember when way way back in the beginning, you sent there was a messenger who went to stop my current ass.
Timothy Sackton: yep yeah right and he and he was like no i'm not going to defend the border beyond okra but he sent troops to defend token.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then just wanted like.
Timothy Sackton: So this was this the refugees were arriving throughout the month of April, and then by the by the beginning of May, the troops and arrived as well um.
Timothy Sackton: And then they've just been sort of fortifying the River frontier since until until like three weeks ago when news came back to so basically all of May and through.
Timothy Sackton: um through the first bit of June, they didn't really know what's happening, but then.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: But then, by um.
Timothy Sackton: By like the middle of June or early June news had arrived that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: news that arrived and toker that you had defeated a God.
Timothy Sackton: And so, at that point now the army has been kind of debating whether they should leave or not.
Timothy Sackton: Refugees, leaving.
Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): game nights her tell us, not to mention her exist.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes.
Mike Sackton: We are definitely not supposed to mention.
Timothy Sackton: But you're going to anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though you're not you're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): going to the thing that just struck me in this moment and will be will say this telepathically to each of you, in turn, to see sort of stairs space and his mouth falls open is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoever.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): put her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the mirror knew that the mirror was going to a gutter and if our name is connected with defeating gutta that we have just put an enormous target on ourselves for whoever put her in the mirror in the first place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, which perhaps we should thought about before coming into the city and confirming that we killed a gutter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, why did we confirm a God, but that was we didn't confirm that that was just like I think that's known right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I mean just confirming our identities as as the ones.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we confirmed that we were the people who the deeds being talked about are associated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well let's tell it was the one that confirmed that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is best to put the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: focus on the individual that made the declaration i'm just saying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it just it strikes will be in this moment, there were one of the links in the chain of like nine hertz claim right because we're, the ones who can offer the eyewitness of you know, freeing her from the mirror and a gotta click confirm that story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, but at this point that's like you know there's like you know she's she's out and she is you know, so we didn't know about the political situation.
Mike Sackton: So we just need to not tell people, we have a mirror or actual mistake was telling basu that we have a mirror that tracks people that we got we didn't tell me got it from God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: But that was still I think baby the mistake the real cats out.
Mike Sackton: There well be.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we don't know if anybody else knows that she's out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will be his opinion is surely every single person everywhere knows that she's out because she's riding around openly she declared herself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): laying out for a month.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the news is spread your.
Mike Sackton: She hasn't been out for a month.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah it's been a month since we.
didn't they not want us.
Timothy Sackton: In two weeks roughly since you left Carolina and it was the day before you left caraway that she announced herself to Kara.
Walker.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: I think it's like.
Timothy Sackton: news is coming soon.
Mike Sackton: News will be coming soon it's not like she's gonna keep it secret somehow but it's probably traveling slower than.
Mike Sackton: We.
Mike Sackton: Not that we traveled fast, but I bet you we outran.
Mike Sackton: We obviously outran it if it was actually if there was news, there would be rumors all over town.
Mike Sackton: Do you think, like the first thing somebody would say to us when we say we're from Kerala would be have you seen the new pretender this guy's clearly on the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think we can assume that.
Mike Sackton: That is the news has not been I mean maybe a few people now but they're keeping it secret for their own game.
Eric Rosenbaum: So well be should we start seeding our story with like oh and well how would we make ourselves like not.
Eric Rosenbaum: political actors like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we accidentally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, and then and then what we did, why were the heroes of terroir is that we restore the heart of Chicago crowd is what we did we restarted the hardest cocoon and that's all we fucking did there might have been some treasure and some other stuff and not an eye, but it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can be accomplished it.
Mike Sackton: And we killed, but we didn't like find a mirror I don't know where this person came from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): story works for like 48 hours until a fast writer like arrives in town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is when it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With.
Mike Sackton: The Dow it's closely held.
Mike Sackton: Who would know, nobody knows where she came from.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Even one question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is do do we want like who do we associate ourselves with.
Timothy Sackton: Garrett knows.
Mike Sackton: Oh right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh it's.
Mike Sackton: Oh it's gonna be all over town tonight.
Mike Sackton: damn it damn it.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: Well it's gonna blow up shortly let's find out what we can before.
Mike Sackton: will walk to have dealt with now can cast fly out to people so which one do you should I say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The ravens whistle lets me flood until I run out of breath.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're gonna get interrogated you think.
Mike Sackton: Right, I can make or three of us and visible.
Mike Sackton: Okay let's um let's do this again.
Mike Sackton: We all, just like freeze for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, can I.
Mike Sackton: Sure, yes.
Timothy Sackton: 21 gold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gold.
Mike Sackton: Does that he.
Mike Sackton: dealt with those sort of taken aside, while we're walking up and ask.
Mike Sackton: If eddie.
Mike Sackton: If there's any chart audience staying here now.
Mike Sackton: And, in particular, if any of i'll mention a couple of the people we know about from the open scroll.
Mike Sackton: The West you gave us of all the years if any of them have come through.
gola.
Timothy Sackton: makeup persuasion check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): swear it'd be nice to have a staff of command.
Mike Sackton: And did my character sheet go.
Mike Sackton: Well, I have a good persuasion, if I can roll other stuff but.
Timothy Sackton: um he's he seems kind of like somewhat in all of you dealt with and he's like yeah there's a few have come through i'm a while ago.
Timothy Sackton: There was a woman who sounds like the Viola.
Timothy Sackton: Yesterday stayed here.
Mike Sackton: We traveled with her for a while.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: There was a.
Timothy Sackton: There was a older guy a scholar he stayed here for a while severus.
Timothy Sackton: He left.
Timothy Sackton: He left some time ago, though.
Let me just.
Timothy Sackton: Like a couple months ago.
Timothy Sackton: And then, more about the time little bit after of all the laughs this was maybe two and a half months ago.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: Just about a month ago.
Timothy Sackton: or a few more cardone ends, he stayed for a.
Timothy Sackton: couple nights.
Mike Sackton: severus.
Mike Sackton: He came from the east, did you have any conversations with them Do you remember much about him.
Timothy Sackton: think he was studying in the archives came from the East yeah.
Timothy Sackton: went to DARPA.
From.
Mike Sackton: starbucks.
Timothy Sackton: could ask art and he'd probably know about he probably remember him.
Mike Sackton: Artists that are.
best.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: He say anything about what he was doing here.
Mike Sackton: Any them say anything about what they were doing here.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to remember.
Timothy Sackton: cyrus was studying something old books.
Timothy Sackton: waiting for.
Timothy Sackton: Know do I look like.
Timothy Sackton: An old box sort of guy.
Mike Sackton: What he wasn't the type who would like to talk about what she was studying.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't really have listened, even if yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Paula was chatty she said she had some crazy stories about some companions who vanished into.
Timothy Sackton: Power of lightning.
Mike Sackton: yeah we met those folks.
Mike Sackton: They were uh.
Mike Sackton: yeah, for we traveled with for far away for a little while.
Timothy Sackton: You go to a tower of lightning.
Mike Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's more like storms and stuff.
Mike Sackton: yeah the Tower didn't have any white.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hurricane swirling around it.
Really cool.
Mike Sackton: Very good.
Timothy Sackton: You went there was that you in her story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, how well did we come up, though, and then we'll answer your question.
Timothy Sackton: She made it sound like you were some big heroes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the name again i'm.
Timothy Sackton: curious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Syrian my companions and I, we are, we are weary and ready to pass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well we'll continue the conversation with you soon.
and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And thank you again for for hosting us here.
Timothy Sackton: must have been traveling for many days on the road.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, you'd be have been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Straight here.
Mike Sackton: If if you do think of anything or anybody who might have talked severus do let us know.
Timothy Sackton: I will see what I can do.
Timothy Sackton: enjoy the rooms.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We appreciate you.
Timothy Sackton: know if you need any food or drink.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We shall we shall.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps later this evening is there are generally a full House.
Timothy Sackton: These days.
Timothy Sackton: don't have much food to spare for those who aren't staying here.
Timothy Sackton: spin.
Timothy Sackton: Sadly, reduced I will do my best to get something nice on the table for you, but.
Timothy Sackton: I will warn you now, that much is in short supply.
Mike Sackton: you're not overly Trevor yourselves on our behalf anything hot will do we've been traveling and.
Mike Sackton: Eating out of our packs for many days we are.
Mike Sackton: not overly fussy.
Timothy Sackton: should be a bear crowd tomorrow when it's market day.
Mike Sackton: Wonderful, thank you for your hospitality.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, thank you, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: He goes off.
Timothy Sackton: leave you in the rooms.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Though with i'm so sorry I just it didn't cross my mind that an Elf would lie.
Mike Sackton: I wasn't lying we didn't go to a tower made of lightning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Mike Sackton: What me the Tower made of stone with lightning in the walls.
Mike Sackton: so very different things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I think we're all realizing pretty similar times what's going on with maybe some of the implications of our presence here and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did put her in that mirror.
Mike Sackton: her brother, I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are not to suspect carne asada.
Eric Rosenbaum: But to be fair, we don't have any evidence either way.
Mike Sackton: that's not an accusation i'd make it public for sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or the whatever power wanted to see cornice come or whatever power didn't want her to become the leader.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will sting listening at our door, are they.
Timothy Sackton: going.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, no nobody jumps back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see um let's do we know what's her name again the ERIs.
Timothy Sackton: sorrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorrow what's her relationship with chart and she pro charging or charted.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Look at the Mari nationalist yeah.
Mike Sackton: she's a burn it all to the ground that are forever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So she's she's a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whereas car nos is like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like like it's like basically who's trying to do, who would charge in one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Book harness for sure yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right but that's not true.
Timothy Sackton: me.
Mike Sackton: yeah what's.
Timothy Sackton: The innkeeper laugh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but i'm just saying, like in general, like just in the in the.
Mike Sackton: Little everything we know about the politics suggests that if chart and we're metal and, for some reason because, for example, they wanted to keep the the East.
Mike Sackton: Free the story I would tell where I wanting to spin a conspiracy story about the great library controlling this all is that they wanted to keep the East.
Mike Sackton: empty.
Mike Sackton: You know, populated because there's three great artifacts from drink or they want to.
Mike Sackton: They want to find.
Mike Sackton: And to keep the East empty and unpopulated they have to keep charter, they have to keep done more focused on its core cities not not trying to restore its ancient it's ancient empire, the the full breadth of the of the done Mari.
Mike Sackton: Right keeping Caroline isolated and on the outskirts means that the Chair donations can prowl around there, and nobody bothering.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): us here recently the current so the dumber is no longer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gonna get defend East of the River her.
Mike Sackton: We did, in fact, if I was spinning a conspiracy theory i'd say well why wouldn't chart and find get audited throw Sarah in the mirror she was on she was on a grand tour to revitalize the East when it happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this make sense to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does it indicate that we might do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For now we don't want to die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): get out of the city.
Mike Sackton: Find soccer go back East and find.
Mike Sackton: what's out there.
Eric Rosenbaum: We see you're saying we ourselves should find these artifacts to keep it in them out of the hands of charted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: aren't we walking around with the sector like in our.
Eric Rosenbaum: country we definitely don't want anybody to know.
Mike Sackton: don't we have that sceptre yeah you think.
Mike Sackton: You think that knowing that we fried served as a big deal wait till the society open scroll hears about those sub during our backpack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where's the nearest volcano.
Eric Rosenbaum: To anybody right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And does anybody know that i've got to have that thing.
Mike Sackton: Probably not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait a minute she carried it open.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): relatively recently, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: She got it recently yep yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: people looking for us if they know that we killed her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): show the shift sector to the American and see like what happened there.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just need that the other version, the mirror that does the the future part.
Mike Sackton: That would be really useful.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what.
Mike Sackton: Is chart and starts putting two and two together they're going to come walking and want to know what was an actress why somebody's going to come, asking us about where.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The harness is going to come.
Eric Rosenbaum: As people come for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: or most likely both, and we should proceed as though both of those things are already underway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or that agents have both of those parties are listening.
Eric Rosenbaum: better than now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): My God baxter is at the hassling in.
Eric Rosenbaum: packs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's let's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take baxter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go, because I, we do need to find out like find soccer let's go to talk to the fucking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exists.
Mike Sackton: And I think we should try and run ahead of all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The We just need to be back in two weeks for her foldable whole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Week is that the most important thing.
Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because we can't take the mirror with us without it really.
Eric Rosenbaum: But why do we need to take the well.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: what's mirror the evil hobgoblin i'm a little nervous that somebody's going to break that and then we're gonna have a another person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah where would we put that we hit all that shit right remember, we did some some clever hiding of all that stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's in a cart at the monastery right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's no it's in a.
Mike Sackton: Now we found.
Timothy Sackton: A little like sort of.
Timothy Sackton: A disused store room that kenzo knows about.
Timothy Sackton: I mean rishi would know.
Timothy Sackton: rishi hope somebody must have helped you either presumably wiki or Joe or but somebody kenza knows the process.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah so it's well hidden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should consider like bearing it in the woods, though, like fucking using seekers like earth abilities and my go really hide it for a couple weeks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until we get the portable.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems safest to me to keep it with us, to be honest.
The mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I was saying about the sector but i'm sorry yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there.
Mike Sackton: would be disappointing to lose but can't really harm the world the mirror that has a hobgoblin.
Mike Sackton: wizard trapped in it.
Mike Sackton: From we can't help the world too much unless she gets out.
Mike Sackton: In which case I think she's gonna decide, you know the triad slave the humans.
Eric Rosenbaum: here's a question, remember that moment, when I remembered that I had that little red crystal with the fire elemental in it and they toss that into the fray creating some chaos, but which turned out to be to our advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perhaps this is going.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there some way that we could so chaos, to our advantage, which is what exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm saying, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your motivations right now so kind of our way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we did.
Eric Rosenbaum: That mirror at just the right moment.
I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): feel like that is the heading on every page of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your journal, how can I pay us to our advantage.
Mike Sackton: Well, be don't ever let secret take the sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, like it feels like we should still proceed, I mean I kenzo and still very much motivated to go speak to the priestess and figure out what the hell happened of soccer so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whether or not learn more about the archives, is something that that I want to understand more as like what the hell, the the month additional we're doing right, I agree, oh that's what that that is the only thing that i'm most interested in right now in in being here.
Mike Sackton: I would wait to go north or East before Dunbar falls into civil war.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's ne well it.
Is.
Mike Sackton: doors north is either charton or hunting for years, always.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Possibly a bit of a wild goose chase but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're not used to the world portal that could be a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nice sort this all out.
East.
Mike Sackton: Now I I hate to say it, but East is the desolation of schema which I think is where we must end up going.
Mike Sackton: To finish what rice there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any other things we want to do, and to grow, I know I know I know I need to go, I know I want to speak with the high priestess.
Mike Sackton: let's go, I want to know what was stolen from the Ark.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should try to figure that out.
Mike Sackton: Or at least i'd like to know if it's an internal done Mari thing or a cardone.
Mike Sackton: it's severus or one of the chart odeon adventures steal something.
Mike Sackton: Or was the.
Mike Sackton: Was the archive a internal.
Mike Sackton: Was the whole.
Mike Sackton: murders and theft at the archive a plan of course on or some other internal actor, to try to.
Mike Sackton: Strengthen or weekend the car sells.
Mike Sackton: His car sells the wrong name what name.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Carlos I was confused I see yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We weren't on us right now.
Mike Sackton: he's here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now he's in the.
Timothy Sackton: army is here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: This kind of like.
Timothy Sackton: The capitals West Far West naya hearts like, on the other side of the rocky mountains right oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm still talk to the priestess.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So pat out maybe three in the afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: Had through so where you are right now actually is is pretty close to so there's like this main market square but then also like pretty close by to the market square there's this big civic Plaza that has the the large central temple of.
Timothy Sackton: toe crowd that has the archives.
Timothy Sackton: And that has.
Timothy Sackton: um what used to be the palace because Tokyo Tokyo was at one point, the capital of Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: The Palace is now used for other things um.
Timothy Sackton: But it's also used for like.
Timothy Sackton: Civil religious administration and staff and barracks and things, but the the.
Timothy Sackton: The temple has administrative complex associated with it, where you can find the high priestess who's who's not kind of functionally like the Mayor of the city, as well as though right i'm religious leader.
Timothy Sackton: So you, you know get through a couple functionaries but by showing your letter of introduction you're able to.
Timothy Sackton: get through the sort of minor bureaucrats that try and head you off.
Timothy Sackton: Until you are ushered into.
Timothy Sackton: aa into her office.
Timothy Sackton: um so i'm Calais half the high priestess of toker is a middle aged woman with longest graying hair tied just in a simple ponytail in the back i'm wearing elaborate robes but looks tired like bags under her eyes on you know there's like a stack of notes on on.
Timothy Sackton: That she's kind of she think through and is, you know as you come she weighs you in but she's in the middle of dictating a message to a messenger she's sort of where it's him off, you know come back in a bet she she looks up at you with tired is saying.
Timothy Sackton: come in come in welcome.
Timothy Sackton: You she like hold that her hand as you give it a ladder she says, are the letters probably been passed on by her on.
gangs.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: You have come some distance.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Come highly regarded.
Timothy Sackton: Is there anything I can do for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, firstly i'm Claire it's it's an honor to to meet you my name is kenzo I actually lives here in Tokyo for four or five years or so, prior to venturing to Carol was so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly i've seen this building and been on the outskirts but never been inside and it's certainly not here to meet you so it's quite an honor to to finally have an opportunity to meet you, along with my companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll introduce ourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are a number of matters that we we've traveled here to Tokyo, to try to learn more about that perhaps you may be able to help us with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And in our travels to the east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we spend some time on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meeting and learning about be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The various orders of the schema and the monasteries, to the east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we learned in particular of one of the masters of be schema soccer who is known to was thought to be in Tokyo or in that in the region and i'm wondering if you may be able to help us locate them as we would love to speak with them a little bit more to impossible to find that.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, yes, that name is familiar to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonderful.
Timothy Sackton: don't know.
Timothy Sackton: exactly where.
Timothy Sackton: To find her right now she travels with her family.
Timothy Sackton: First herders.
Timothy Sackton: territory is mostly North along the higher river, but but not too far out of town with the monsoons i'm guessing there'll be moving to fresh pasture shortly.
Timothy Sackton: If you ask around on the plans i'm sure somebody can can point you in the direction of of her clan but i'd had North from here, maybe two three days.
Timothy Sackton: That most.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonderful wonderful and have you has she been in has she been in the in the area long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Many years that.
Timothy Sackton: Many, many years her.
Timothy Sackton: her family as well known horse traders.
Timothy Sackton: traveling.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly, to the north of Tokyo along the river basin.
Timothy Sackton: They come, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Every year, to pay their tithes and be counted and good citizens of toke rough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um Thank you that this is very valuable information will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it'll be it'll be useful for us as we try to find her Thank you very much.
Timothy Sackton: thing I can do to help any favor for.
Timothy Sackton: For Ken dress i'm happy to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed we've spent much time with with him and he's been through quite a lot, but I am quite optimistic that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the heart of Chicago now restored things are going to be looking up and vastly improved for the people of Caroline.
Timothy Sackton: Did it seems.
Timothy Sackton: Can dress he has believed this is a he has entirely you to think for this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It really was a an effort on the on the part of many, many involved, including the people were carwash showed great resilience during an incredibly difficult time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And to your city and to Tokyo as well for hosting so many of our people care about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While all of this, these trials and tribulations we're underway so we'll try those you a great that as well.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: Honestly, it wasn't the refugees that were the problem.
Timothy Sackton: It was the.
Timothy Sackton: dysentery that spread through the horses.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So many now trying to.
Timothy Sackton: find some way to make a living in our city.
Timothy Sackton: Without livestock to travel.
Timothy Sackton: devastating.
Eric Rosenbaum: So many horses died.
Timothy Sackton: Many horses died people too, but more horses.
Timothy Sackton: very sad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo kind of looks at the companions you know.
Mike Sackton: That there is another matter, we are.
Mike Sackton: interested in if perhaps you'd allow us to help.
Mike Sackton: that's the archive.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure art I would be.
Timothy Sackton: Most excited if somebody were to solve his mystery.
Timothy Sackton: He is a.
Timothy Sackton: whole situation has not revealed the archive management in the best light.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Still don't really know if what was missing, if anything, even was taken but.
Mike Sackton: I hear, there are two archivists still missing yes.
Mike Sackton: Is anybody.
Mike Sackton: working for them now.
Timothy Sackton: Talk to Arden.
Timothy Sackton: he's been in charge of this situation certainly would appreciate your aid if.
Timothy Sackton: Can dress.
Timothy Sackton: speaks highly of you, and if you're gonna go around solving the problems of done my city is more song cars blessing on you.
Mike Sackton: How might we talk to our.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure.
Timothy Sackton: hands the letter back.
Timothy Sackton: and actually and then she like just like scribbles and adds her seal to it.
Timothy Sackton: sure he will speak to you if you ask just show him this.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and honestly anybody who showed up at his door, saying they were going to help them solve his problems would be welcomed.
Timothy Sackton: Only you could create food out of thin air.
Timothy Sackton: or horses.
Mike Sackton: Horses are trickier and food and city says quantities tricky as well.
Mike Sackton: how's the city better other than the dysentery and the starvation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: says the Elf.
Timothy Sackton: More when you put it that way.
Timothy Sackton: Other than the two things no city wants to face we've been great.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I guess, I mean, is it.
Mike Sackton: The people together is it.
Mike Sackton: Is it seen as a common.
Mike Sackton: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: common challenge.
Mike Sackton: common challenge.
Timothy Sackton: You know how people are most of them, yes.
Timothy Sackton: A few know.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's been a lot of a lot of newcomers.
Timothy Sackton: lot of people.
Timothy Sackton: squatting in some of the abandoned houses on the old part of town in the north wall.
Timothy Sackton: not always looked upon favorably.
Timothy Sackton: do our best song car helps.
Mike Sackton: Any foreigners.
Present company excepted, of course.
Timothy Sackton: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: Have a record of the comings and.
Timothy Sackton: goings of every foreign person it's definitely been.
Timothy Sackton: Some foreign travelers coming through a few have come to stay.
Timothy Sackton: Not every refugee who came to our walls was done Mari.
Mike Sackton: What else with the refugees from other than the East, was it all from the east.
Timothy Sackton: i'm from the north.
Mike Sackton: Is the troubles to the North as well.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, I think.
Timothy Sackton: You know, most of the.
Timothy Sackton: You know, everybody who wrote on the plains, from the horror, to the.
Timothy Sackton: You know, to the edge of the Java desert.
Timothy Sackton: came here.
Timothy Sackton: Not right, you know most.
Timothy Sackton: You know most from from Carol are from.
Timothy Sackton: The territories of the.
Timothy Sackton: heroin temple but.
Timothy Sackton: You always get a few people living on the edges of the wilds.
Mike Sackton: So the north you mean that the heart basic.
Mike Sackton: Not far yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So to my soul site um what's your name again.
Timothy Sackton: Calais half.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really have, and you know i've got the whole like I can talk you're lying thing you know.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So another question for you, because this was again as travelers to the east, and there were some very strange things that we saw out in the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One thing that will be kept running into.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The traces or, in some cases, the deliberate interactions with some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out there in the east searching for treasure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard about this.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The society of the open scroll in particular.
Timothy Sackton: Like persuasion check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what another she if she if she kg like yeah she knows about it and she's helping them or like she's in different or is she like you know Fuck the society to control, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait.
Timothy Sackton: A minute i'll make an inside check as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck motherfucker.
Timothy Sackton: You advantage on insight because of suicide.
Mike Sackton: Roll again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: motherfucker Christ.
Eric Rosenbaum: resonate for kids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walking around.
Timothy Sackton: You you get the sense.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, she doesn't she doesn't really.
Timothy Sackton: say much about the broken skull or anything.
Timothy Sackton: You get the sense, I mean the sense, you get is not so much that she's like trying to hide details from you or anything is that she is.
Timothy Sackton: um I mean she's tired and she's overworked and right the city is starving and this is like sort of a secondary concern.
Timothy Sackton: gotta focus.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, maybe she's heard about them, I mean she must have sources of information.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I don't mean if she runs the town, but.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: That was a gift sort of give kenzo a significant glance and then.
Mike Sackton: turn back to her and say so.
Mike Sackton: We traveled.
Mike Sackton: Slow we traveled from the East, we haven't really.
Mike Sackton: heard any news from back East since we left you heard anything.
Mike Sackton: How his car with doing.
Timothy Sackton: haven't heard news, since you arrived.
Timothy Sackton: There was a writer.
Timothy Sackton: few days ago, who left from just before the.
Timothy Sackton: fees to be.
Timothy Sackton: said that many people had.
Timothy Sackton: returned.
Timothy Sackton: I expect another expect more news in the next few days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tema what's so what's what's i'm so sorry what's your name again.
Timothy Sackton: Can I, how can I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long has she been in power, it took her.
Timothy Sackton: Since like before you got here you don't know exactly how long but Oh, why waste.
Timothy Sackton: and energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: decade is she like a woman of the people.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: poker was always a pretty.
Timothy Sackton: Like historically toker has been sort of like a bit of a.
Timothy Sackton: You know fairly well off trading hub, like the people who live in toker typically pretty.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty wealthy that's obviously changed in the past few months.
Timothy Sackton: and your take on her from like you know the monasteries take was that she's I mean she's a true believer I mean she's a priest of sonkar she's sankara is like the.
Timothy Sackton: The goddess of like truth and justice and things and she's always seemed like kind of a true believer like she wants everything to be fair, never she's not like a woman of the people in the like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Rising of the poor and downtrodden or anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But she's like she's like a functional you know bureaucrat.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know does her best to serve serve the people, and you know solder up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm just sort of like you know, maybe better she hears it from us that from some random writer.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: The news we have a few days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I give her a heads up, why not.
Mike Sackton: Why not having the honor we can't really have this conversation because she's standing right there but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It breaks the confidence to tell you this is, I think you deserve to hear it and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you saying to prepare for the storm that's coming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you saying this.
Mike Sackton: gives you a walk like don't save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, why would the hassling good when the donmar you guys like right here.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You should feel free to jump in at this point, if you want, but i'm i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'll give it a pause if anyone else wants to jump in in that moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we communicate second leaders that.
Mike Sackton: You can always our way.
Mike Sackton: To it from wealthy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And only English.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this is kind of fucked up like Why would you like there's a DEMO a guy here talking with the Denmark like what I do this and a half length situation like just go and like say some shit to have.
Mike Sackton: All did it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So for like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 10 minutes or whatever yeah come up like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, again, this is, this is what what what kinds of would would would want to say so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should should absolutely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I think I think what my friend, is about to say if you've not heard word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kalia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the name of the what's the name of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 909090.
Timothy Sackton: Rather, have nine car car north.
Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: yep Nice, the family.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm confident this this news is on its way to up you've not already since you've not heard but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should be aware that Saara has emerged and is in Kerala right now, as we speak.
Timothy Sackton: Her faith kind of.
Timothy Sackton: drops for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Are you sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure positive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We freed her from a prison she's been trapped in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A for years.
Mike Sackton: That was about actually laughing but really guys.
Mike Sackton: Any kind of setup fee.
or mystery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What my what my companion, is trying to say here is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a part of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our quest, which was to retrieve this struck the hardship Kuhn from agata blessed mother in our battle with her and in destroying her as a part of that process, we were able to free Sarah who is being held captive by August 10.
Timothy Sackton: And you.
Timothy Sackton: think she now.
Timothy Sackton: Is what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's alive and well in Kerala.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now i'm a monk trains here in the monastery for many years, politics is not my area of expertise nor interest, but I think as a friend of kendra from our side, we fought with kendra and lead with him and the people who care well for many, many months now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And as you for you as a colleague guns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On clearly also a friend of kendra says better to hear from us from anyone else.
Timothy Sackton: He years she was captive of that creature, who knows what evil plan she might have now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Evil plans to.
warn.
Timothy Sackton: You think that this woman was imprisoned by our.
Timothy Sackton: Evil fake creature for eight years and not affected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did not know Sarah from before but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She seemed to have her full capability her full faculties when we interacted with her.
Mike Sackton: Meta game for a minute do we actually know that I get to new any of the command words of the mirror.
Mike Sackton: She must have known, some of them right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, she definitely did that's how she could set that up as a traffic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Light yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Otherwise, she would get herself dropping there.
Timothy Sackton: And she put most of the people in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Right in the mirror.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: But she never okay one put differently, she clearly never.
Mike Sackton: There was only one person older than Sarah.
Mike Sackton: Was the hobgoblin the first one, yes I.
Timothy Sackton: Know Sarah with the most recent one everybody was older than Sarah okay.
Mike Sackton: And is there, one that we still don't still didn't discover.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, because the hobgoblin was the last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One so.
Mike Sackton: there's one who we didn't.
Mike Sackton: Talk to the several we didn't talk to.
Timothy Sackton: Because yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Clear in terms of the the any impact on serious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: faculties and so on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The artifact that she was trapped in it created some kind of a environment where time didn't seem to pass, and in fact it was part of a trap that we had to deal with, when we were battling Agha test so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's no evidence that we've seen that the that the that the imprisonment and sub did anything to her, in fact, she didn't even realize that she was gone for any period of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Timothy Sackton: You may say this but.
Timothy Sackton: The gods of blessed car nos.
Timothy Sackton: How can it be godly for Sir, to come back now.
Timothy Sackton: And if you seem to be hinting lay claim to the throne cannot be the will of the gods.
of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A fixer and clear yeah of that color I have no idea, no concept and frankly it's not my concern or our concern, but all we can tell you is that she was held captive she's now released, and you will be hearing word of this within a day, if not more, but better to hear it from us right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your belief is that assassination and kidnapping is the will of the gods.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Forgive me, I have never quite understood human religion.
Timothy Sackton: She cannot gives you a look.
Timothy Sackton: Of course assassination and kidnapping is not the will of the gods well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That seems like.
You just said.
Timothy Sackton: You presume.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: This woman.
Timothy Sackton: was chosen by the gods and this kidnapping and.
Timothy Sackton: assassination was not.
Timothy Sackton: derailed the path that the gods had put her on.
Timothy Sackton: But if that were true.
Timothy Sackton: Why did they bless her nos.
Timothy Sackton: Instead of telling us.
Timothy Sackton: To look.
Timothy Sackton: Elsewhere, why did they not tell us where to find.
Timothy Sackton: Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only the answer to those questions are between you and your gods and perhaps with this new knowledge, maybe more will be revealed of that we do not know, again, this was a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: consequence of our rescuing the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's not something that we knew about or could in any way foreseen, but it has occurred, the ramifications are for you and others smarter and wiser than us to figure out, but these facts or something that you should be made aware.
Mike Sackton: If, if I may ask and, with all respect.
Mike Sackton: How do you know that god's have blessed.
Mike Sackton: what's his name.
Mike Sackton: harness harness I mean not an A question way just just what what typically is the evidence that.
Mike Sackton: You use I know the gods do not appear in the sky and write letters for all to see that, so what signs do usually interpret.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: These days.
Timothy Sackton: The signs can be.
Timothy Sackton: can be hard to see.
Timothy Sackton: Since chickens Horace was lost.
Timothy Sackton: But they are.
Timothy Sackton: That was what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was our old.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: racking Dunbar campaign one and campaign to.
Mike Sackton: We really don't like this.
place.
Mike Sackton: table is has to make it all, Nice and we come in with just trash it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey we did not do anything like that, this time, this is this is.
Mike Sackton: What you just trashed it just that anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know.
Timothy Sackton: The defines are there are subtle.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: The miracle of chernoff his Ascension was was said to be.
Timothy Sackton: A fire in which auger spear burned.
Timothy Sackton: And didn't was not consumed.
Timothy Sackton: upon the announcement of his name.
Timothy Sackton: I did not see it myself spin.
Timothy Sackton: centuries, since the.
Timothy Sackton: carnation of the song rock Court was happened in Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: But I trust that song car would have.
Timothy Sackton: sent some sign or omen to me.
Timothy Sackton: If this were not.
Timothy Sackton: The will of the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again I speak not for some for sonkar but perhaps what is unfolded in our presence here, maybe something for you to consider in your next communion with them.
Timothy Sackton: Do that much to think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What you have in learning this news now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): could be advanced warning to your friends and allies, or it could be an opportunity.
To meditate deeply on this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Again I don't know how human god's work so it's been a little bit mysterious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the hope in sharing this information with you now, then i'll give a look over at kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is not to change events here, but to give you the gift of time to contemplate it before the rider comes in two days or three or whenever the next news is and forces your hand because it forces everyone else's hand you have time.
I hope you use it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: puts his hand on the shoulder it's like nice safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Safe but well said well said.
Timothy Sackton: Must pray.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will leave you to your prayers but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We hope that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We will what's the name of the duty on the archivist.
Timothy Sackton: Then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll see if we can help Arden and if there's a way that we may be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Help helpful in this period, while we're in to grow, we don't plan to stay here long but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please let us know you can send word to the end.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you for the news.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That we know that it's a troubling time and we don't mean to add more burdens to your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more weight to your your existing burdens, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We know that sankara is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will give you the strength that you need.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Please.
Timothy Sackton: And she like goes to her like.
Timothy Sackton: You know functionary outside the door is like see that i'm not disturb escort escort them out um you know hands back the latter, you know see this gets to Arden and then.
Timothy Sackton: You know, sees you often just the door behind you Nice.
Mike Sackton: humans and half lungs out that subtle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was the right thing to do.
Mike Sackton: Tell us will say that to see care.
Eric Rosenbaum: It puzzling Earth Day.
Mike Sackton: that's it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): elves and dwarves aren't used to moving quickly, are they all say to kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Wine is breaking a confidence, the right thing to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's the right thing to do, because when that news comes here it is going to break the city potentially for good or for bad the refugees who are still here from the East will suddenly become viewed with suspicion, the city's gonna start to splinter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I believe that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Our obligation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To keep the confidence is outweighed by our obligation to help keep peace in life in the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who do we get said gay say that we weren't going to tell you.
Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh Fuck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If, by sharing this information with color we help.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stem the tide of whatever conflicts coming we've done the right thing, whatever the outcome is I care about the loss of life here and now.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's just could very easily announce this to the whole city and prepare.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hostile reception.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, so there's like the religious politics and that's like you know can dress and Claire they're like buddies you know they're like they're like friends they're all like.
Timothy Sackton: Like peers, right here.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we'd say they're they're they're.
Timothy Sackton: they're both not sure either buddy.
Timothy Sackton: yeah exactly they're both department chairs, or whatever jeans right.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Like the deep.
Mike Sackton: Who are friendly of the surface.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Constantly plotting against each other at all times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I forgot that we while we pledge, not to tell if it was just going to be obvious anyway.
Mike Sackton: To.
Mike Sackton: make the move that she wants to make we picked a side.
Mike Sackton: That is what is, we did did we yes, who said, do we pick.
Mike Sackton: Not sarah's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She was already public.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the other place right in Kerala.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we is there some reason, we should be on her side.
Mike Sackton: Now, but i'm nervous about picking any side.
Mike Sackton: Well, I think meddling in the affairs that are not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, again, I tried to.
Mike Sackton: be an unclear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but I, you know again like I think you know, try to be a political as possible on this and honestly I want to get the Fuck out of here so let's go talk to the archivist if you guys want but i'm very much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About heading North now.
Mike Sackton: To think of how shit.
Mike Sackton: Sorry first response.
Mike Sackton: that's going to be how they defeat.
Mike Sackton: Sarah is not Sarah she's a demon controlled by I get.
Eric Rosenbaum: discrediting or then we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): have touched the scales exactly in service favor by sharing the news and inviting Calais had to commune with her God.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And received some news, rather than just acting on impulse if we hadn't delivered the message what you described is exactly what she would have done, she was ready to go out the door immediately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true murder.
Maybe.
Mike Sackton: We did then we're also picking a side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're not picking a side, why do you sign.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're picking his truth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There, there is no side.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a side worth being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We literally have picked know side in this whole thing we we went and killed the the the crazy a demon and then there was a mirror there and we let the people that were inside free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was picking a sign.
Mike Sackton: It feels to me like any action we take for or against, even if it is well justified is going to end up.
Mike Sackton: benefiting one side of the other and it feels like a conflict with no winner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, look.
Mike Sackton: They out it's, all I can think to do, but you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are 200 years.
Mike Sackton: In my Defense I was trapped in a shadow realm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're not anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, as the one done Mari that happens to be here i'm fine with what just happened, I think we should get the hell out of town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I honestly I know this will be your you're all interested in what's happening with the archivist we can go and have a quick little investigation, but I would highly recommend that we get back to the monastery as soon as we can and lay low and stay out of the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like 11 people are gonna kill us for 11 different reasons in the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what i'm saying so I know you guys want to see this archivist but let's do it quickly and then get the hell out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rather.
Eric Rosenbaum: Much rather go to the monasteries, who can go in the basement and get killed by didn't work.
Mike Sackton: Well that's it it's dispelled now, so I think that's happening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As the magical energy was sucked up, it will it'll it'll shrink back down again.
Mike Sackton: We hope.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying I can just turn our political enemies into tiny worms that's.
An hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: And only one, at a time.
Eric Rosenbaum: And let's go to the archive.
let's.
Timothy Sackton: say you cross the great Plaza to the archives.
Timothy Sackton: Which are that the temple itself is a you know, a very elaborate building with a huge Dome the archives are a large sort of square squat building with a tower that rises up about hundred feet above the city.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Currently, nobody is is there's no like public visitation of the archives, but when you tell the sort of temple guard at the door who you are and show them the letter you know his very apologetic and and says he will go fetch art and immediately and see if he will see you.
Timothy Sackton: And, and he does he.
Timothy Sackton: He comes out he sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The Guardian takes you inside in the archives and.
Timothy Sackton: You know that this is a huge library like there's you know orders of magnitude bigger than the.
Timothy Sackton: than the small library at the at the monastery and there's you know there's a little bit of activity there's a few people copying scrolls there's.
Timothy Sackton: A you know, a couple people standing in a corner talking but everything seems very quiet as he's you know your footsteps ECHO on the stone, as you walk through this.
Timothy Sackton: Relatively silent place into.
Timothy Sackton: arden's office, and he has i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Also on the older side a done Marty man i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Still black hair with maybe a hint of white touching in it i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of serious looking and also tired wearing i'm wearing robes of locking blue.
Timothy Sackton: And he looks up.
Timothy Sackton: As you as you enter.
Timothy Sackton: And size.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome locker bless you all.
Timothy Sackton: browsers had slightly.
Timothy Sackton: You are here.
Timothy Sackton: to any kind of.
Mike Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: was willing to speak with you as you come highly regarded.
Timothy Sackton: What our goal.
Mike Sackton: we've heard of the troubles from a month ago.
Mike Sackton: We were wondering if you could use some help in solving.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, yes, that is a very kind to offer.
Timothy Sackton: Truly blessed by the gods lock I must have sent you as an answer to my prayers.
Timothy Sackton: How much do you know.
Timothy Sackton: What can I tell you first.
We.
Mike Sackton: We know that.
Mike Sackton: For pit people were.
Mike Sackton: killed or taken to.
Mike Sackton: killed violently to missing still.
Mike Sackton: Do you know, if any, we know there was rumors that something was taken.
Mike Sackton: But that it was not clear what you identified what was taken you.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: I am embarrassed to say that.
Timothy Sackton: My interests and and many of the scholars who work here care far more about the.
Timothy Sackton: The religious material that we hold.
Timothy Sackton: There is relatively little interest in the.
Timothy Sackton: records of military campaigns from the past few hundred years.
Timothy Sackton: And there are only four scholars who work seriously on that material.
Timothy Sackton: To our dad both scribes and two are missing.
Timothy Sackton: So we are left in a position of.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Confusion, I must say.
Timothy Sackton: I can show you what the archivist was go there was working on.
Timothy Sackton: Working on a book about the divine inspiration behind the nyan dynasty.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is of interest.
Timothy Sackton: And I can show you.
Timothy Sackton: can see what other material, I can show you and your feel free to look around.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how we would even know what was missing.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about the scholar severus was he working on here.
Timothy Sackton: Some time ago that he was.
Timothy Sackton: For all this happened, maybe a month before this all happened.
Timothy Sackton: He was interested in.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he said that he was he was working on a history.
Timothy Sackton: Of.
Timothy Sackton: The lay of the where did he call it.
Timothy Sackton: The land of donmar in the.
Timothy Sackton: Third, age or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: He wanted to know.
Timothy Sackton: wanted to try and like find every although any mention of drink Korean.
Timothy Sackton: ruins drink Korean.
Timothy Sackton: Cities drink Korean.
Timothy Sackton: howard's any you want to try and map the drink Korean landscape and write a history of.
Timothy Sackton: How the land itself was shaped and influenced by the drink Korean presence.
Eric Rosenbaum: topic.
Mike Sackton: Did he leave happy did he find interesting material here.
Timothy Sackton: He did find one thing.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: curious, it was a it was a record.
Timothy Sackton: That was seemed to be describing some inventory to drink Korean artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: That had been taken from.
Timothy Sackton: A drink Korean city somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: To the.
Timothy Sackton: team here to tell cry.
Timothy Sackton: And then from tollcross.
Timothy Sackton: West to darby.
Timothy Sackton: And I believe he went looking for.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if he thought he could find these train Korean artifacts or at least a record of them in DARPA.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: enough to know what artifacts.
Mike Sackton: Sir copy of what he was looking at.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Good see.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, I can, what does this have to do with the.
Timothy Sackton: missing people I can get that for you, he makes a little note i'll have a scribe copy it out and send it to you Where are you staying where can I send it to you.
Mike Sackton: Then i'll give them the name of the end okay.
Timothy Sackton: carrie carrie I should be by the end of the day, tomorrow I can send that to you.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: This is just an idle curiosity a virus, he was.
Mike Sackton: He was in Carolina a bit before us and we seem to have some of the same interests.
Mike Sackton: The mystery miss the archivists.
Mike Sackton: Could we see what what one was working on, and then I guess my next question would be.
Mike Sackton: Who did they talk to, and who their friends and families and have you have you followed up on any.
Timothy Sackton: I will tell you what we've.
Timothy Sackton: tried and where the trials are in called yes.
Mike Sackton: One second how long till the mirrors recharged.
Timothy Sackton: A few days at least used it on.
Timothy Sackton: The 28th of June, so it needs 1234567.
Timothy Sackton: July 5 it'll be recharged is currently July 1.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it is also parked right next to that fucking weird pulsing magic like blah blah blah so but a little faster right.
Timothy Sackton: Might charge a little faster yes.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly the fourth.
Mike Sackton: Yes, anyway, if you could tell us what you have tried.
Timothy Sackton: hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Many people have promised to give you things and i'm trying to write down all the things that they've promised to give you Okay, so he says um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, first of all I need he we've preserved everything that everybody was everybody who's gone missing was working on um any he takes out.
Timothy Sackton: The like or he calls for a servant to goes off in 15 minutes later it comes back with like a satchel that he enrolls and it's just a collection of least notes.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem to be.
Timothy Sackton: It really it seems more to be i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not super well organized right and it it's sort of list it's like the first stage of researchers just listed on where to find records and references and you know kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Where to.
Timothy Sackton: Like track things data and it's basically like the the notes are all like an outline of this basic book, which is, you can trying to write, which is the divine legitimacy of the nine dynasty.
Timothy Sackton: Viewed through the lens of the battles in which the gods tip the scales in favor of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jews.
Timothy Sackton: diane of the nine dynasty so this most of this predates.
Timothy Sackton: Car nos actually it's a it's a previous some nine yard has like a few generations back is um.
Mike Sackton: Is there any notes about kairos quake is, does he mentioned any battles that are in in Carlos this time or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: No, the five main it seems like the notes have focused on five major victories which all, all of which he claims would have been defeats but for the blessing of the gods The first is the second hobgoblin war.
Timothy Sackton: The second is the vanquishing of the fraternity of the empty moon from toker off the third is that battle of Trevor Trevor hundred.
Mike Sackton: These are all post great work.
Timothy Sackton: These are all posts Great War yeah The fourth is the defeat of the plague trees.
Timothy Sackton: And the fifth at the battle of the red storms.
Timothy Sackton: that none of the most include descriptions of these events are like risks of where to find records and references um.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The the second hobgoblin war is like you know of right that's obvious um.
Timothy Sackton: The other ones, you may not have heard.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: And and it's it's basically all just like you know little short had notes like cf bundle 27 or whatever next.
Timothy Sackton: Something there's not a.
Timothy Sackton: clear description of any of these events, but it seems like this was going to be the focus of his book as these five victories.
Mike Sackton: And this is one of the two people who's missing.
Timothy Sackton: This is one of the two who's, this is the archivists go via who's missing.
Mike Sackton: And what was the other person who's missing.
Timothy Sackton: The other person who's missing was the head scribe who was kind of the so there was two scribes and then ahead scribe who work under the archivist who are the sort of four people in the library, who did anything with the.
Timothy Sackton: With the military records which are clearly i've been pretty neglected.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The only thing that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The only so the only thing that had scribe was like you know spend most of them copying things over, and the one thing that.
Timothy Sackton: That they have of his his what he was working on at his work desk when he disappeared.
Mike Sackton: What was that.
Timothy Sackton: it's faded crumpling sheaf of ladders that was originally written on poor paper and is like decaying and needs to be copied over.
Timothy Sackton: So they are.
Timothy Sackton: hard to.
Timothy Sackton: In their heart to read.
Timothy Sackton: To like hard to because, like it's you know if you lift up the paper like bits are crumbling and things.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: they've actually had a scribe working on there's about 50 letters they've had somebody working on copying these over and and he sort of summarizes what they've been able to learn, which isn't perfect because a few of them have been destroyed but.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be a set of letters from commander ilya to the summer nine yard and alias seems to have been the local garrison commander responsible for the defensive toker.
Timothy Sackton: sort of in the aftermath of the.
Timothy Sackton: Second hobgoblin war, they all date from the 21st to the 24th year of the reign of summer at nine yard rod.
Timothy Sackton: And they seem to concern a few different things right so there's.
Timothy Sackton: The many mentions of like the raids against the hobgoblin of the black and clock tribe sure you've heard of from.
Timothy Sackton: Those guys ravens hold.
Timothy Sackton: there's you know a few there's a handful that don't concern how goblins um.
Timothy Sackton: Most of those seem to focus on us done Mari for about 10 miles north of the city.
Timothy Sackton: That was hard to find and those who approached him to grow confused sometimes attacking their companions with in madness.
Mike Sackton: I know what that is.
Timothy Sackton: And it, and these are sort of letters about.
Timothy Sackton: Try there was trying to drive away the, though.
Timothy Sackton: Some a few people who had set up camp their work somehow worshiping part of this place.
Timothy Sackton: And it's hard to find it's hard to map, because most of the people who came near to it grew confused and so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: There, but there is one approach that seems safe, which I have carefully mapped and given to my troops.
Timothy Sackton: And then somebody's written next to that cf bundle 24.
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But is this is this you don't miss a star.
Mike Sackton: Now this is the temple to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: pandemonium yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: i'm on okay.
Mike Sackton: Can we follow up on that and find out how to get there adore if bundle 24 is what's missing.
Timothy Sackton: And he does art and does say that bundle 24 is among several of the items that they have not been able to recover from that they've not been able to track down is not entirely confident as to whether this is.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, what was stolen he's not really willing to commit to any particular item being stolen, I know you get the fence he's partly because being defensive here.
Timothy Sackton: When it says compare with from the 24 is that because the map isn't bundle 24 or the map is here and there's just something else in 20 oh no it's the implication is the map is unbundled.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2410 miles north of the city, we can find that.
Mike Sackton: um yeah but, but unless you go in the right direction, you get confused and lost.
Eric Rosenbaum: And those moments are already on the way there right.
Timothy Sackton: Now they're going they're.
Mike Sackton: going to take going somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're going to watch tower to the east.
Timothy Sackton: that's part of this line of forts that are done Marty for it's not drink Korean forts.
So.
Timothy Sackton: that's a particularly notable it's like it's sort of like the donmar equivalent of like.
Timothy Sackton: Whether top and Lord of the Rings or something it's like a it's like a place noted, as a having a wide vista and a good few around so it's a common meeting spot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should like find the ancient shrimp and Korean kings that are like in suspended animation and re animate them and give them like the fucking power sector see what happens.
Mike Sackton: Why should we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be hilarious so fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then lot like the older and Korean army like Emperor like buckled charge, and it would just be like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sewing so much chaos.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean that it that's why we need to let out the hobgoblin spell caster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all at once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah all at once.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's if we want if we ever seriously, though, for everyone to create a complex diversion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I totally agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: resulting in.
Eric Rosenbaum: catastrophic losses, like many, you will do the Great War.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we don't know about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you know there's a great war two right now we're.
Eric Rosenbaum: responsible for sure it would.
Eric Rosenbaum: Be to be to.
Timothy Sackton: know that just becomes World War one and World War Two when does the second one.
Mike Sackton: Right, like in the real world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly it was called the Great War.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was the ground was done, it was.
Mike Sackton: A second what a better became World War one World War Two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That becomes, the greater work that's that's the spinner branding.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so bundle 24 so I mean it.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sarah pandemonium connection for like the ravens hold stuff and Miss that were demons from there.
Mike Sackton: Now demons are from the.
Timothy Sackton: demon was from the.
best.
Mike Sackton: But ravens I mean this is only related.
Mike Sackton: in the sense that this was during the same hobgoblin more the ravens hold was acted occupied by hubcap what's.
Timothy Sackton: This particular description of the finding the.
Timothy Sackton: The place of madness in the like cult of people worshipping it and driving them out and.
Timothy Sackton: The map and this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: yeah people becoming law is not doesn't seem associated with top golf lessons.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I mean it's it happened in the same time period but.
mentioned a pop goblins.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta game, who is the mad one.
Mike Sackton: We don't know.
Timothy Sackton: We don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Who.
Eric Rosenbaum: Has there been any other reference to genetic.
Timothy Sackton: Are you asking our day or are you just looking in the notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we have met again.
Mike Sackton: But yeah let's ask Arden.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, look in the notes okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could search the session, as I did we.
Mike Sackton: await generic.
Mike Sackton: that's from say.
Timothy Sackton: No yeah the only imagine it Yes, he is.
Timothy Sackton: Other day.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's just that one place.
Mike Sackton: That will ask Arden if he's heard of genetic.
or pandemonium.
Timothy Sackton: persuasion check.
Timothy Sackton: say.
Timothy Sackton: I have heard, I.
Timothy Sackton: guess.
Timothy Sackton: not know quite what this.
Timothy Sackton: Being or creature is supposed to be, but.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow it does seem connected to this place pandemonium you mentioned.
Timothy Sackton: almost as if.
The.
Timothy Sackton: home of genetic or genetics Avatar this thing referred to as the mad one.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: There is a rumor that somehow genetic is the source of the curse of like can throw up.
Timothy Sackton: The only other thing i've heard.
Mike Sackton: In i'm pretty sure we heard that rumor I think when we saw genetic on the things you had somebody making history check.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think I think the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had.
Mike Sackton: gotten about that's where is the.
Secret heard that rumor.
Totally.
Mike Sackton: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the wounds on the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the archive.
Timothy Sackton: The wounds on the dad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just there any suggestion that they were killed by.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Things are claws.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the roads were torn out.
Mike Sackton: And not missing.
Mike Sackton: His tie these.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Two are dead and tour missing.
Timothy Sackton: To our data into our missing.
Mike Sackton: What was govind was his name.
Timothy Sackton: yeah go via.
don't fear.
Mike Sackton: What was go via in the scribe.
Mike Sackton: What were they like.
Mike Sackton: What they have the sort of people who would have investigated a clue, even if it seemed maybe a little bit dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: golf and what go there was single minded.
Timothy Sackton: He had this.
Timothy Sackton: passion, as many scholars do.
Timothy Sackton: And he wanted to follow every lead before he began writing.
Timothy Sackton: You wanted to know.
Timothy Sackton: Everything about.
The.
Timothy Sackton: godly influence.
Timothy Sackton: In these victories.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm not again for a minute, just like cancer P follow integrated the same like the full moon thing, or is it something else.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah when when we face when they died.
Timothy Sackton: Nice, it was a full moon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go for your.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): guests like cancer, he comes back he kills the other two yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it acquired is like interfere disease.
Timothy Sackton: It is said to be spread by the bite of a cursed one.
Eric Rosenbaum: course.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does he leave the monastery once do you have records of his comings and goings.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): From the city so travel beforehand, a vacation.
Mike Sackton: Research trip, who is the last one who saw.
Timothy Sackton: The last one who saw him would probably have been.
Timothy Sackton: You know who probably thought i'm alive the last.
Timothy Sackton: Was.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me just.
Timothy Sackton: One of the hard stones Dag maybe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your friend of his.
Timothy Sackton: know well, maybe that.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: Hard stones clan of doors who seek or you know them actually they.
Timothy Sackton: They maintain the building.
Timothy Sackton: Often died was would often.
Timothy Sackton: Work late.
Timothy Sackton: fiddling with stuff in the storms, or something.
Mike Sackton: What was the timeline here.
Mike Sackton: That is.
Mike Sackton: Go here.
Mike Sackton: vanished the same night these two people showed up these two people appear dead.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: That was the last full moon.
Timothy Sackton: when's the next one tonight.
will be will laugh out loud.
Eric Rosenbaum: To somebody spoke with with Dag about what he might have seen.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, we've talked to the hard stones they didn't say much.
Timothy Sackton: They said they didn't see anything.
Mike Sackton: Did they uh I guess i'm wondering if gopher gopher gopher here would have told anybody what he was up to.
Mike Sackton: See cost anybody.
Timothy Sackton: head scribe.
Timothy Sackton: They were close.
Timothy Sackton: Close.
Mike Sackton: circle there.
Timothy Sackton: That scribe was.
Timothy Sackton: looked up to him.
Timothy Sackton: Guerrero was his name, he was a.
Timothy Sackton: younger and.
Timothy Sackton: dedicated to following in.
Timothy Sackton: Go veers.
Timothy Sackton: glory path.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know he.
Timothy Sackton: There weren't many other people who are interested in military history around here.
Timothy Sackton: That group the for them kind of kept to themselves.
Timothy Sackton: might have talked to some people that.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know out in Canada and.
Timothy Sackton: Dr shawna This is where the orbit or maybe.
Timothy Sackton: kind of where the soldiers go to drink, some of them are military history buffs.
Timothy Sackton: I know that he did occasionally.
Timothy Sackton: Go out for a break and wander the town.
Mike Sackton: wow.
Mike Sackton: This is a lot to think on Arden we may have more questions but.
Timothy Sackton: i'm please, and if you would like to speak to part stones or anybody else just let me know, and I will happily arrange at anything you can do is.
Timothy Sackton: More than welcome.
Mike Sackton: On the.
Mike Sackton: Very off chance that.
Something.
Mike Sackton: White can throttle back is a foot.
Mike Sackton: Is this wall defended, are you.
Mike Sackton: Everybody have a safe place to be tonight.
Timothy Sackton: We can lock things down, because only the three entrances the front door the.
Timothy Sackton: back door through the store rooms and.
Timothy Sackton: One side door and all can be locked in barred although usually only to only the front and the side door closed at night, because the hard stones take care of the storm passages.
Eric Rosenbaum: No chance anyone was it and then survived is there.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody has said they saw anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: could imagine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Someone needing to keep that.
Eric Rosenbaum: secret, though.
Mike Sackton: One very unrelated question Arden.
Mike Sackton: God scrolls here ancient ones that you can't read.
Timothy Sackton: There may be a few.
Timothy Sackton: There are some.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly a few and the oldest part of the collection, the records from Carson removed to hear and many of them have been since moved to ny are but.
Timothy Sackton: We do have a few old old records.
Timothy Sackton: some of which are not in Denmark other maps among those old records maps from the Carson.
Mike Sackton: Would you mind if we looked at those old records.
Timothy Sackton: I will have to search a moment and find them but.
Timothy Sackton: If you can help me with this.
Timothy Sackton: Missing person murder theft problem I will happily let you look at anything you'd like in the archives.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Supposedly wanted to learn more about the the great tree at the Center of your city is there an expert among you or someone you'd recommend to give us a tour.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: You know who would.
Timothy Sackton: You know who would enjoy telling you about that.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: bonnie she's a priest of chinodya.
Timothy Sackton: works in the temple.
Timothy Sackton: One of Calais has assistance.
Timothy Sackton: She would appreciate it.
Timothy Sackton: She would enjoy that job.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, perhaps if there's time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just Out of curiosity has anyone ever made any weapons out of that would or done anything interesting with that would.
Eric Rosenbaum: The truth is still isn't it.
Mike Sackton: A tree.
Timothy Sackton: it's stone now, but yet stone, but it blooms.
Timothy Sackton: seems.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Not that i'm aware of any way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps claire's assistant may know.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'd like to use the.
Eric Rosenbaum: archives restroom facilities briefly.
Mike Sackton: um I also don't I can't keep going for that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we should we should probably wrap up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay shortly i'm like certainly within the next 15 or 20 minutes, but just want to.
Timothy Sackton: let you have a few minutes to talk and character about next steps, so I can listen and figure out what you're going to do next, so I can figure out what I need to make up for the next session.
Mike Sackton: All this, all the ancient documents that only dealt with can read.
Mike Sackton: All right, it just occurred to me when I was here that.
Mike Sackton: della.
Mike Sackton: Roger Arad libraries offer these services to translate whatever they can't translate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The must be imagined for that too right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, threads.
Timothy Sackton: comprehend this is the first level spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yeah so i'm sure actually kind of doubtful that they would have any documents here that nobody's read right like they would just use the magic to figure it out right.
Timothy Sackton: There probably the important ones, yes, but there might be a few like last and very various corners that nobody's bothered to translate.
Eric Rosenbaum: The thing i'm having treme.
Timothy Sackton: The theme of the archive is not.
Timothy Sackton: Very well organized arlen is not like you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It it's not obvious to me that there's any meaningful connection between.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the events of the archive and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Political.
Eric Rosenbaum: situation it it.
Mike Sackton: does seem quite likely.
Mike Sackton: It certainly feels like it may be, as we suspect the.
Mike Sackton: curse of generic as infected these two.
Mike Sackton: And they've torn up their friends.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then it's just a coincidence that someone was working on.
Eric Rosenbaum: divine intervention in regime change as a research topic this isn't somebody know when I say that out loud, it seems less likely that is incident, but.
Mike Sackton: Unless the important.
Mike Sackton: The important connection.
Mike Sackton: Is the.
Mike Sackton: pandemonium how long was he worked has he been working on that book.
Timothy Sackton: Like three now no not super long time couple of years, maybe.
Mike Sackton: It also could just be a coincidence.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is a question we should have asked what's his name, but do we know the provenance of bundle 23 or whatever it was was it something that's been in the library forever is that something that, like a passing cardone and dropped off a month.
Timothy Sackton: Now, these are all these are records that were were from the like military commanders of Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: So, like the thing described was copying was a bunch of letters from a commander to the some rot and this map is presumably part of.
Mike Sackton: This summer, it was how far.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): away for five years.
Mike Sackton: In the military.
Timothy Sackton: Like like roughly 100 years.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and do we know why they cared about clearing this temple of these worshippers.
Mike Sackton: Like the letter made it sound like they were sending in a squad of soldiers to like.
Mike Sackton: Get rid of these worshippers but why do they care that they say.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: The latter than the latter was just like there's obviously contact missing from these letters are like mission reports basically.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: One possibility is it's an entirely it's just a pure side quest.
Mike Sackton: not connected to the greater political situation, but clearly connected to the planner situation and it's a hook to get us to go to pandemonium and.
Mike Sackton: go mad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I just want to remind everybody that Mike you are, like you, you you thought I got up was the side quests that we should totally avoid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I remember, so it sounds like you're you're you're like spot on was like this is this is totally a side quest let's just deal with that later and let's go so.
Mike Sackton: True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think your ability to discern side quest for main quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know just just.
Timothy Sackton: Like I said before.
Timothy Sackton: Up happening in the world, decide to impact is up to you.
Mike Sackton: it's all side quest is that what TIM said last time.
Timothy Sackton: they're perfectly great campaign if you.
Timothy Sackton: Ignore I gotta entirely.
Timothy Sackton: it's all made up in a different campaign.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever we decide is main quest basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly is the surgery, so it was the update that we got about the three artifacts.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just need to have some information on it.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: We don't actually know there's three artifacts we just did that did that TIM seems to have confirmed it accidentally, but we did just invented this this session, you know, there are two artifacts when we have and one is the cloak that makes the godson.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there was something about it in that conversation just now.
Timothy Sackton: I was a that was Sabbath the Sabbath found some note that was describing a cache of artifacts.
Mike Sackton: which may or may not be related.
Timothy Sackton: Arden is going to copy the note for you and send it to you so you'll know what it is, so you can ride if it's related next session.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so we should either list.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But one of our potential destinations, is to go west to find severus to have yeah.
Mike Sackton: Maybe a guess, but I think we refocus on our actual, especially now that we've like totally trashed that bar civil order by setting off a civil war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've not done anything we have trashed nothing.
Mike Sackton: I think we should we should head north.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we gotta head North defined soccer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what I mean it's one thing yeah.
Mike Sackton: But I think we we go look for soco like right away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I agree with that, too, I agree.
Mike Sackton: we've got to get out as everybody we set where I mean if there's a few other things we want to set motion in town fine, but if a lot of people doing a lot of stuff for us in town, we go out for a couple days find soccer then come back.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: We will come back and either like you know towns on fire and service marching the rumors service marching and army and something like that, or like who knows what events event.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we think soccer knows again.
Mike Sackton: soccer knows why they were trying to get right and do something out West because she out East because she thought it was a terrible idea left.
Mike Sackton: Early right since it was a.
Mike Sackton: terrible idea.
Timothy Sackton: She was the one master who said no i'm, this is a terrible idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right and the one that survived and every.
Timothy Sackton: One that survived everybody else.
Mike Sackton: everybody else died and clearly something or blabbing.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also, she like didn't rejoin another monastery or anything, it has become a nomadic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, you heard her so as for sworn monastic life altogether.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so we got to find her to figure out what the Fuck is going on, it like fortified Dimitar This is like part of that.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but back to the pain and pandemonium for a second so let's summarize like what we understand about the wolves let them what we're all situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're going to raise the werewolf army just to get your.
Timothy Sackton: command is for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with it.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we have a theory which could be completely wrong but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't feel wrong with the full moon and everything right.
Mike Sackton: Now it doesn't I mean the theory is that.
Mike Sackton: The archivist in the head scribe got excited about this map.
Mike Sackton: bundle 24.
Eric Rosenbaum: then went investigated.
Mike Sackton: And went investigated it failed they're saving throws became werewolves.
Mike Sackton: Okay back to the temple archive and tore apart that to other people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Potentially not realizing they had failed they're saving throws and become werewolves right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right but became werewolves at night.
Mike Sackton: or whatever it's interesting if they didn't realize it is why didn't they come to work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, my question is like could they have gone to this Tower six weeks ago come back and done, you know another two weeks of work, as if everything was fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The werewolf thing comes along.
Mike Sackton: That the guy was in the middle of copying the letters, this was the last thing.
Mike Sackton: You can imagine he gets to this interesting spot and says oh let's go look at bundle 24 it goes and finds bundle 24 and then go vin go Var reads it and it's like let's go there it's a map, we can see what's this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where if they've been for the last month.
Mike Sackton: let's why I think they have to know that there.
Mike Sackton: they've been living in the temple because the other disciples of Babylon.
Eric Rosenbaum: or.
Eric Rosenbaum: planning their next move where they come and kill me I was thinking we should.
Mike Sackton: offer to stay in the archive tonight, so when they come to kill everybody, we can at least.
Mike Sackton: Fight off the wearables.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems entirely possible to me that somebody currently working in the archives was either part of that initial trip to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: pandemonium place or got bit by somebody who went there.
Mike Sackton: The other thing is.
Eric Rosenbaum: has no idea that they're going to turn into a world.
Mike Sackton: That kind of.
Mike Sackton: disorganized and.
Mike Sackton: You know this guy doesn't seem like a very good record wise maybe he's a disciple of did it at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The right sense anything if I saw side and then like did he said was he any any if anything's going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: The student he likes festering wound.
Timothy Sackton: Make it inside check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he aware will.
Timothy Sackton: Give me one fucking good raw.
Timothy Sackton: You know that when you saw.
Timothy Sackton: That you can use a key point to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, I do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any yes.
Mike Sackton: I do, that do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah.
Timothy Sackton: He is not affected by any.
Timothy Sackton: curses or magic at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: And you're you're feeling is of him is that he is he is just not a very.
Timothy Sackton: Good artist like it's not that he's it's not that he's like secretly hiding his devotion to some dark God, he is genuinely devoted to laca.
Timothy Sackton: But at his job.
Timothy Sackton: But that it has job.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
Timothy Sackton: So, are you as you return to the end, set up camp in the archives.
Timothy Sackton: What are we did we returned to the end and have.
Mike Sackton: dinner, but I think we should spend the night of the archives, I think we should offer that to just spend the night, I think we should stay in town, we should keep our ear out for rumors of werewolves rampaging about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, like entropy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Besides the.
Timothy Sackton: big question.
Timothy Sackton: You can all make religion checks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seager.
Timothy Sackton: My cigar knows everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: I read the book about this, you guys ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: very straightforward excellent.
Timothy Sackton: So um, so it is possible to cure usually requires that with that with with no.
Timothy Sackton: Doubt with one contribute to this knowledge as well, it usually requires.
Timothy Sackton: two out of the following three things i'm some.
Timothy Sackton: token of the of the person that's something that connects them to their pre.
Timothy Sackton: life there a cramp back life i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A relatively powerful magic like a remove curse spell.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: song some kind of divine blessing, basically, so you either need like.
Timothy Sackton: A God to bless you when you have to remove curse bow or you need some token of the person's.
Timothy Sackton: Previous life to restore them to their prior state in combination with either god's blessing or.
Timothy Sackton: curse but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like the scribe kit like did he have like a something like that some personal effects like that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that they have both had chamber, although archivists like state lived in the archives, they have chambers here um yeah there's definitely a personal facts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But would that be sufficient like if we went into the chambers and felt like without probably meet the.
Timothy Sackton: that's hard without knowing the person they the best, the best thing would be something that is that was significant that had personal meaning to the individual even better if it had like religious significance or spiritual significance in some way.
Timothy Sackton: So it's hard to know without talking to somebody who knew the individual because you need something that's like.
Timothy Sackton: Something that has that kind of.
Timothy Sackton: personal friends, but like just without knowing anything about them yeah given that both of them were sort of lives were devoted to this place um.
Timothy Sackton: That would be a decent first gas.
Eric Rosenbaum: People in the wolf state like Do you remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: That it happened and what you did after you come back out of it.
Timothy Sackton: not always.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes depends on the person and and how they became a.
Timothy Sackton: Like and throw button.
Timothy Sackton: how badly they failed they're saving throw off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know I feel like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The longer we stay in town until we kind of get a sense of what's going to happen in town I worry about us getting caught up in things that we don't want to be caught up in.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I also worry a little bit about the monastery I worry about us being away from the mirrors too long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't mind necessarily splitting up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I think kenzo is would prefer to head back to the monastery and spend the evening in the monastery just to you know add a little extra support there and make sure, everything is okay um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think i'll slow like it may not be a bad mood for us to like find an even safer place for those mirrors and like maybe have senior go and like dig up some holes in the ground like deep holes that we shove, it into for a weeks until that gets made.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the monastery itself even but go into that store room and just like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): make a hole in the wall and put them in the wall again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like really get an extra level of safety to that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To those to those mirrors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe the true cause of our suffering all along was our attachment to the mirrors themselves need to let go of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we've been suffering we haven't.
Timothy Sackton: Just on the point of the safety, the mirrors I mean if you are concerned about somebody in the monastery there's one thing, but like at least as far as kenzo is aware, like the monastery even like when the fire giant attack toker like the monastery defended itself.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, robust your sense would be the monastery itself is like quite safe.
Timothy Sackton: God unless you're worried about somebody.
Timothy Sackton: Within the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: itself, no, no, not worried about that i'm more worried about like like whoever the saboteurs that bucking in prisons, a syrup which we still whom don't know where they are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right are are you know, maybe after us, they may be, after the mirror, they may be, you know so just to while these earlier like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sales, on the other hand, I mean a cast God, would like to destroy those mirrors.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I don't think that there's no connection like that I don't think that's a real risk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah candles work pencils worried about the monastery so if the monastery like is like super magic up and protected and shit then, then you have those not worried.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I mean the legend is that, like right after the right after the Great War when everything was like chaos and bloodshed, there is this fire giant who you know about who came through Carson.
Timothy Sackton: made it to toker like smashed up half the city everybody in toker fled to the monastery and the McMahon locker defended the monastery for six months until an army of dwarves and stone bar and came out of the mountains and drove off the fire giant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it okay.
Timothy Sackton: So people feel pretty confident about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'm a fucking locking lexus kenzo would be feel feel what we feel very.
Timothy Sackton: That would feel pretty safe about target.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For anyone starting okay cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also that the people, that is, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The people there currently are going to be safe, if, like some foreign intruders came and tried to disrupt shit.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean right now, like most of the mist like all the most powerful miss tire actually out of the monastery on this mission.
Timothy Sackton: yeah because of these visions, so that might make you a little bit nervous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's what i'm saying, if that if if the power of protecting the monastery is related to the mist if they're not there, then cancer would want to go back and just.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that would probably make kenzo a little bit nervous because.
Timothy Sackton: Right now, you are the youngest guy in town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay they're not then kenza would want to spend the night back in the monastery.
Mike Sackton: I think it's a pretty bad idea to split up if our plan is to be awakened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's not Kansas plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I will just go back to the monastery.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like we told this guy we do what we could do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like I don't disagree with the importance of that, but I feel like I made a commitment to this guy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it also unlocks our access.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The argument is the archivist.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It also like unlocks our access to the archives.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we can split up, I think the three of you can stay here and kenza can go back to the monastery for just one night.
I think.
Mike Sackton: productive.
Eric Rosenbaum: They can bring in this instance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you can message stones.
Mike Sackton: If if to werewolves are going to attack the monastery Why would you want to be there alone if to werewolves they're going to attack that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are no, no, no wearables are going to attack the monastery what i'm worried about what kinds of is worried about is whatever forces are behind the mirror situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He wants to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we've got the night, though, like I think we're and kensal may feel differently, but I think that we've got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't have the night anymore, because we told we we told the fucking collette.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We do not have, but I think she.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think she's gonna take the night, though, like I think what we left the conversation with was clear say all right i'm gonna give this a good heart commune with my God, which may be was like 60 seconds after we left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like but hopefully it's like a nights worth of what the hell's going on here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, like this is for Kansas very straightforward, he is going to go back to the monster for the event.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is is fine, you guys but Kansas, going back to the monsters, and I.
Eric Rosenbaum: compromise we persuade art in for his own safety to come with us for the night to the monastery there by leading to a situation where inside the monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a werewolf but.
Eric Rosenbaum: What.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What time of day, is it right now.
Timothy Sackton: it's like it's like evening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Otherwise i'd suggest we could real quick go to the Tower of chaos and just meet them there.
Mike Sackton: We don't know where it is.
True.
Mike Sackton: We I think are built as a party to survive a battle without kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: They will be true.
I mean.
Timothy Sackton: you're pretty good at running.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Come on tiger polly morphed himself into a giant ape.
Mike Sackton: yeah wait we get escape.
Timothy Sackton: You guys are seventh level you're not weakling anymore, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to match whatever level we are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right that's true that's.
Timothy Sackton: True.
Mike Sackton: that's not always true but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if we use the message stones and kenzo gets like a message of alert like how quickly, can you get to the.
Timothy Sackton: Top quickly, can you travel five miles.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's.
Timothy Sackton: Not that quickly.
hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plenty of.
Eric Rosenbaum: giant insect you could ride I guess that's an even that fast, though.
Timothy Sackton: it's not that my status, yes.
Very.
Timothy Sackton: Well don't assume everything is what it says.
Mike Sackton: hi now I just I was wondering if.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That the giant flight didn't get fully eaten and so after being encased in that it reverted back to its obsidian form.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just saying we should think about this possibility.
Mike Sackton: Wait what the giant five what is that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That the the ebony fly is probably back to being a statue again down there.
Mike Sackton: Down where.
Timothy Sackton: know you retrieved at.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the elven.
Timothy Sackton: yeah oh.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, yes, Sir, yes, once that once that creature was earth was polly morphed into an earthworm.
Mike Sackton: retrieved the yes.
Timothy Sackton: obsidian fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: And now, what if a giant fly gets bitten by a werewolf does it become aware flight.
Mike Sackton: It seems to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: fly Wolf.
Like.
i'm sorry.
Mike Sackton: I think we need to decide.
Mike Sackton: Whether we think this.
Mike Sackton: problem, the archivist task is something we are going to try to solve.
Mike Sackton: I don't think anybody's gonna come after us, I mean it's not like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well here's the question what when when is when do we think that they're going to turn into wearables once the world will happen hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Like in a few hours.
Mike Sackton: In a few hours it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like what time like when the full moon comes out or what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah promptly after sunset.
Eric Rosenbaum: Basic very soon, very soon excellent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it's very.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very soon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh good good good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well let's say another reason to stay at the archives, is it gives us and try and solve this thing is, if we do solve it, it keeps us political cover from what's her name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: color or so yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hello yeah Claire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm glad we're already in her good graces for giving her that the person we're going to stop right now, Sarah why totally forgot, we made a pledge, not the same thing too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About otherwise I would not have said that but I forgot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think we have clear protection, though.
Mike Sackton: Nancy click but.
Mike Sackton: I think clay, is a little skeptical.
Mike Sackton: Because we seemed a bit on server side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now she, no, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I think I think we managed to stay like an objective middle or.
Mike Sackton: I don't think she thinks we're like sarah's henchmen sent to prepare the way or something like that, but I think she thinks were you know.
Mike Sackton: implying that maybe.
Mike Sackton: Sarah is not crazy and it says not crazy.
Mike Sackton: Then he was.
Mike Sackton: Very difficult problem for the Dunbar right.
Mike Sackton: Either Sarah has to be not really certain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know you're saying it like we had some kind of like it's not like we don't have a fucking opinion which we like just upload broken mirror and she fucking stepped out of it.
Mike Sackton: that's all I know, I know, but I don't.
Mike Sackton: think we might.
Mike Sackton: potentially have some opinion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think if nine cardenas asked calera and they seem to be tight to detain us until we could get there, so you could personally have a conversation with us like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She didn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): think twice about that yeah.
Mike Sackton: She wouldn't, but I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like solving this gives us political like gives us cover with her potentially.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are we still staying staying in the fucking city for that that like Why would just leave the fucking sit and go back to the monastery where we're just out of all of we if we truly want to stay out of politics, why don't stay out of the fucking balls.
Mike Sackton: I, why do you think the monastery would keep us out of the politics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because the monastery is not in the city it's five miles away from the city, but.
Mike Sackton: it's.
Mike Sackton: The army Politics is all the gods right.
Mike Sackton: I mean, why would, why do you think the monastery wouldn't do what.
i'm.
Mike Sackton: What she what she says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's not she's not the, the head of the monastery.
Mike Sackton: Night the night current but I keep Carson Carson.
Mike Sackton: harness.
Timothy Sackton: At some point, I mean kenza would know that at some point the monastery like the locking speaker law is going to have to commit to somebody or another person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh okay.
Timothy Sackton: Like the minus I can't just remain out of that right, the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Like the lock and monastery in particular has traditionally been kind of the.
Timothy Sackton: The keeper of the.
Timothy Sackton: The like right.
Timothy Sackton: Of the like righteous leadership right.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I mean i'm point laca will that's why they're also like freaked out and trying to interpret these signs it's because they're like what's happening, why is lock all up in a tizzy now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I mean kenza then is like also so like if at the end of the day, this is about justice, then and truth, then justice and truth will bear itself out, you know there's it's it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But honestly like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know I feel like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like kenza was concerned about the well being of his brothers at the monster and is concerned that the strongest Mr not there and then now this evening is going to be, you know because of we've stirred the pot a little bit it's like just an uncertain evening so.
Mike Sackton: I just don't see the danger to the monastery as opposed to the archive.
Mike Sackton: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: monastery monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have fucking all of our items are fucking giant mirrors and share their and.
Mike Sackton: But who knows about them, or would care.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, if the mirror was that the and it was the the place where you know the lady was captured.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If the if the monastery could keep out a fire giant keep out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is what we're saying is they were able to keep out the fire giant because the astronomers but what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: does not offer a compromise it's like going to happen and like an hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas happy to stay for an hour after dinner and then go spend the night there if nothing happens by like 10 o'clock at night, Ken ken's gonna leave at like 10 or 11 and go back to the monastery but it's happy to hang around here for a couple of hours, when a man comes up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he's not gonna spend the night in town.
Mike Sackton: I think tracking through the.
Mike Sackton: The when between here in the monastery in the middle of the night it's going to lead to cancer getting killed.
Mike Sackton: That seems like the least safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here real quick, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think, maybe we're not going to sense right now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's so given it's 1230 we gotta go to bed, we got to schedule before we go to bed, we will start next session.
Timothy Sackton: At the.
Timothy Sackton: sunset at the archives and if kenza wants to decide to leave.
Timothy Sackton: In two hours cancer can leave in two hours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that's almost.
Timothy Sackton: Like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): start for the compromise, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah nice Nice.